
Nov. 1, 2025 - Alex Jones Show
Special Saturday Broadcast: RED ALERT - Day 1 Of EBT/Snap Cut Off Are Here, As Unrest Set To Hit Major US Cities, Trump Pulls Back From Imminent Strikes On Venezuela, PLUS...Leftists Caught Trying To False Flag ICE Agents - Must Watch/Share FULL SHOW https://t.co/lAPnNVkqTy


From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
It is Saturday, November 1st, 2025.
I'm your host, Alex Jones, coming to you from the Alex Jones Network Studios in Austin, Texas.
We are in the 285th day of the return of the American Republic, potentially the West being resurrected from the ashes of globalist destruction.
Remember, Paul Revere's, you have all the power.
Share the live feeds now, right now, at the Alex Jones channel on Rumble at Real Alex Jones on X, at AJ and Live on X, and more.
I want to thank the great crew for being here and the wonderful job they do.
And all of you that are tuning in right now, remember to share those live feeds and tell those you share it to to share it and tell them to share it.
That completes the what?
The chain reaction.
Well, thank God this information's breaking out there.
I first started advising the White House before Trump was even back in when he was president-elect that they had to be ready for the left to try to launch national uprisings and the culmination of the Cloward and Piven plan, known in its modern parlance as the Podesta Plan,
and that they had to understand that they have hit list names they want to go after using drug cartels, hit men, antifoot, communist, and others to wipe out not just top people in the Trump administration and top advisors, people that have courage, but also key law enforcement leaders, key corporate leaders and others, and media leaders, thought leaders around the country.
Well, now you've seen what General Flynn broke in March here, and I also got it from a very respected national investigative journalist off record, even before I got it from Flynn.
We didn't know at the time that Flynn was actually right at the top of the list after the Trump family.
I was right under him.
He didn't want to put himself in the story.
Remember, Flynn came on and warned that there were major bounties through the drug cartels, particularly of Venezuela, the real muscle of the Democratic Party, TDA and others, as well as MS-13 to be the muscle of that operation.
Since then, they've arrested and indicted a whole bunch of people and gotten the documents off their cell phones, you name it, of up to $50,000 bounties just on ICE and Border Patrol, even mid-level leaders.
And so all of that's now been proven.
All of that's now been documented.
Just like I told you back in mid-September that Cash Patel went into the White House, had a big meeting with Tulsa Gabbard and said, we're not looking at any accomplices, foreign or domestic, even though there's evidence of them.
That all broke Thursday, the New York Times, Washington Post, everywhere else that indeed that did happen.
So when I tell you we have these sources, we have them.
And most of the time, like in the case of Flynn, he called me up, and he's normally very hard to get on.
He reached out to us.
He said, I need to come on right now.
And they had NSA intercepts that were also provided to Central Command and Army Special Operations in Florida of these globalists on the phones, known names.
Flynn won't say who, and neither would my other sources, but Democrat strategists talking about killing us.
Well, you see them on the news saying they want to kill Republicans and we need to be violent and all the rest of it.
You see them pushing that.
Imagine what they do behind the scenes and saying, we're going to use the drug cartels to kick this off.
So everybody's asking, oh, first we learned it was six and then a dozen and now 50 and now 100 Trump administration officials like Stephen Miller and his family living at hardened military bases, that means bunkers in the Maryland, D.C. area.
And that's not for a nuclear war, boys and girls.
Stephen Miller's not in foreign policy.
They have those bunkers as well for the State Department and Pentagon officials.
No, they've moved into those above-ground facilities that are above large underground railway bunker complexes that are partially declassified.
They have sites like SIDER and Maryland and others that little sub-bases railroad to survive during a nuclear war.
So the fact that they have activated the COG system, that's continued government system, shows you how serious the threat is of the Podesta plan.
And all these movies that are out right now, so I don't really, I should follow Hollywood more because that's really the propaganda arm, even more than the news, because they know the public doesn't buy corporate media anymore, but they do kind of get programmed by movies and TV shows.
There are at least eight current movies and TV shows out right now fantasizing about mass murdering conservatives, white people, and Christians.
And we've got articles about that today, one battle after another and assassination culture.
Here's that article, one of the articles right there today.
So when you see Bill Maher even talking about it last night with MTG, this is the first story I'm going to get into because it ties in and is the gateway to understanding everything else that's happening that's so massive that we're going to be hitting today.
Now, we've known this for a while, and it's been an Antifa and Black Lives Matter tactic since George Floyd in 2020.
It was happening before that, but it became official, where they have these big violent demonstrations, riots, and then around federal courthouses, you name it.
It's in blue cities where the police are ordered to stand down and have been defunded.
And then Antifa will jump in front of federal vehicles or citizens' vehicles and then shoot at the vehicles after they jump in front of your vehicle.
And they'll cut the video after that saying, oh, look, they just ran into him for no reason.
Or, oh, look, they jumped out and arrested this person for no reason.
No, they threw a cinder block through the window.
They threw a bottle through the window.
They rammed him with a vehicle on purpose.
And then when the feds jump out to grab them, there's a mob already waiting that attacks them.
And then they cut the video after that going, good God.
And this was on MSNBC this morning.
And I knew it when I saw it this morning.
I got about 5 a.m. and I was tracking the leftist on X.
And they're like, this is the dirtiest thing yet.
And I saw video after video around the country where it would show ICE agents grabbing a woman, grabbing a man, hog tying him, throwing him in the back of a suburban or SUV, and hundreds of people storming in, attacking them.
And then the headlines, wow, ICE for no reason is just tackling women, citizens, and arresting them.
And notice that's the big lie they've been saying the last six months as ICE ramped up.
Oh, they're just arresting citizens.
And look, look at this woman.
Look at this lady.
Look at this man.
They know exactly what they're doing.
But we've been able to find videos that were uploaded, obviously, by good people in the crowd that show actually what's happening with these cases, where they're arresting an illegal alien.
They're already being tracked and traced.
A mob shows up.
It's almost always a bunch of boomers trying to virtue signal.
They start attacking ICE.
ICE is completely outnumbered.
They throw the person they're arresting in the vehicle.
They have their judge's order.
It's all constitutional.
They're the underdog.
And then here comes a car at 30 miles an hour, 40 miles an hour, ramming them.
That's attempted murder.
And then ICE gets out, runs over, drags the people out.
They start screaming, oh my God, I'm a citizen.
What are you doing?
This is the most clear-cut caught red-handed.
And I got a bunch of these.
We could be here for hours.
But tonight, I'm just going to hit a few of them.
And then tomorrow night, out of the Infowar Studios, I'm going to go deeper on this.
And I'm sure there'll be more because you know the EBT got cut off today.
Now, Trump's got some federal judges saying he can do it and others trying to block him.
And this does deal with purse strings and Congress supposedly power of the purse.
So Trump does have some constitutional issues here, unless he just declares a total emergency, which they've created.
And Trump has been very clear in the last three days.
He says, listen, we'll try to find the money, but we already ran out of all the other pools of money we had because those were much smaller, a couple hundred million dollar shortfall here, a few hundred million dollar there.
This is $8 billion every time they reload the cards every month, and that's supposedly today.
It's like $7.9 billion.
So there's not $7.9 billion laying around in some executive slush fund that we found a few Biden had hidden.
Those have been exhausted.
Now, there are some agriculture department emergency funds, but it's clear in the law you can't use those.
And so you have some Democrat judges blocking it, others saying do it.
And Trump is trying to find out what he can do.
He's saying he will find and fund the SNAP as soon as possible if court allows blast Democrats over shutdown delay.
And we're into day 31, day 32, very soon.
So the Democrats have said this is their plan.
And now it's leaked to a U.S. senator.
It makes perfect sense that he's got a great record, I believe him.
And he says he'll be releasing the details.
But they caught Democrats saying that when Mondami wins, they believe the election on Wednesday in New York for mayor, that they're going to use that as some stunt and try to brainwash people that somehow they weren't behind the shutdown, but now they're ending the shutdown.
But they want to see some civil unrest first.
And you're like, well, people didn't get paid their monthly stuff.
They're not going to attack right away.
No, a lot of criminal groups, we played countless videos in the last few weeks, see this as a starting bell or a starting pistol for like a foot race or something or the flashing green and the green flag being flown when a race car race begins.
A lot of people see this as their excuse to go out in numbers and some type of purge and loot and steal and kill.
So I am predicting that you will see civil unrest.
You will see violence increase tonight.
It's already going on all over the place against ICE and others.
And we already saw increases of rioting and problems around the country in Halloween last night, but that happens on a regular basis.
So we're still tracking it very, very, very closely.
And we've got all the videos of that, and we'll tie it together.
Then you've got Pentagon leaking that the attacks on Venezuela would be imminent.
A lot of that's to put pressure on the Maduro regime to remove him so this doesn't happen.
Trump said, well, he's not going to strike Venezuela today, today.
Trump is normally very accurate when he makes statements geopolitically, but he does sucker punch people militarily.
When I hear that, that makes me think maybe he will strike him today, but probably not.
And of course, that's a larger discussion.
Is that type of regime change the right thing to do?
I'll elaborate more on that.
Then J.D. Vance got a lot of attention.
By the way, I know J.D. Vance, been a longtime supporter, even before he got into government, defended me when I was being deplatformed six, seven years ago when other people weren't.
And so I like the senator, think he's really smart and wonderful and make a great president in the future.
I think RFK might even make better, but maybe he'd be his vice president.
But everybody's talking about how he lived the meme.
Everybody made fun of him with the curly-haired, crazy-looking J.D. Vance.
And that's exactly what you're supposed to do with memes is instead of calling for them to be outlawed like Democrats do, just make a joke about it.
And so we've got that famous meme coming up.
It's been just launched yesterday, absolutely hilarious, him becoming the meme.
But that overshadows a turning point USA event.
Yeah, there's the famous meme.
The turning point USA.
And then he was at a few days ago.
And there's a lot of clips from this, but I'm going to play just one of them where he gives the perfect America first response to Israel.
Absolutely perfect answer because it's true.
It's my position 100%.
I am not anti-Israel, but I am anti-some of the corrupt elements of Israel.
And I'm very upset about Israel trying to manipulate our internal politics and censor us.
And even though it's super popular to say that Israel is the sole source of evil in the universe and that you could pile on now with no repercussions, I'm not doing that now that it's a green light to do it.
But I am warning the Israel lobby.
There's different factions of it, particularly the neocommon, though, the Ben Shapiros and others.
They are literally Josh Hammer and others coming out with not even veiled threats against Tucker Carlson.
And they're saying he is a fox in the hen house and he needs to be gotten rid of.
He needs to be eliminated.
He needs to be liquidated.
He did say liquidate somebody or neutralize is the term they use.
Well, if you're neutralizing an acid with a base or something, there's three or four definitions of it, but generally the second definition is military term meaning kill, neutralize.
But when you say neutralize him like a fox in a henhouse, there's no doubt they got with lawyers, in my view, before they put that out and said, how do we make the maximum threat and the maximum somebody needs to get rid of Caesar who will rid me of this man?
But we're legally, we still can't get in trouble for it.
And that if I don't need to check with lawyers, that's exactly how I would do it.
If I wanted to put out a veiled threat, which I don't do stuff like that, but I understand them.
I'm very direct.
My secret is straight shooting.
You'd say, yeah, he's a fox in the hen house.
You know what you do with a fox in the hen house?
You got to neutralize him.
That is 100% not even a veiled threat.
That is a premeditated call.
And it goes on to rally people to deal with him.
And that's for having Nick Fuentes on, who you notice, Nick realizes how much power he's got now.
And he can also see on the other end of the spectrum how dangerous some of those people are.
He's been becoming more sophisticated, more nuanced, because he is smart.
And I've told you, I mean, I've said it on air to him and I said it off air to him.
I said, listen, this is a dialectic.
Got to think second, third, fourth order here.
And I made predictions to him about what was going to come in the future in the last six months.
And so he already respected me, but the respect level's gone up a lot.
People say, oh, well, you're just trying to get heat off Israel.
Know, I can look at all the angles and how this comes together in a conflagration that is extremely explosive and bad for everybody.
So I'm telling the Israel first crowd, you are your biggest enemy.
And I know you're not stupid, so you know what you're doing.
And so you've gone from being a problem to becoming more and more a central problem when we're dealing with China and the economic crisis and everything by trying to always make yourself the center of attention and sucking all the oxygen out of the room and trying to get us into war with Iran and making all of the classic stereotype stuff come true.
So, and even Michael Savage was on a few months ago and he said, no, I talked to top Israeli generals, people, former intelligence said, and they say, no, Netanyahu's got to go.
He is the worst thing for Israel ever.
And some could say, well, we hate Israel then.
Good.
Keep going, Netanyahu.
Did you know the second, third order things are going to happen?
Israel's got thousands of nuclear weapons.
Okay.
They got the Samsung option.
I mean, I don't like Kim Jong-un in North Korea.
I'm sabotaging their people, but I don't want to start a nuclear war with them because even though we'll win it in every war game, it triggers China getting involved and then we're all dead.
So we can't go to nuclear war with Russia.
We can't go to nuclear war with China.
We don't want to.
We don't want to start it.
Or North Korea or Israel.
And you're like, what?
Israel will nuke us?
They will get in a new core in the Middle East.
And then Pakistan has already said they'll get involved.
So until you've studied geopolitics and know how much danger we're in, to all of you out there that just know how to say Jew, Jew, Ju-Ju-Ju-like it's a magic button you hit, for God's sakes, grow up.
The Jew-obsessed people that that's all they do, it's all they know are a serious danger.
And then the Israel lobby is even worse.
You're both disgusting.
So that's where this is going.
Now, I've kind of laid the table and that took 15 minutes.
I'm going to stop now.
I'm going to go through all this and show clips of it all.
And I've got a bunch of other insane news we're going to get to.
There's a lot of corporate spin out there that, oh, MTG has turned against Trump.
No, MTG, a good friend of mine that we talk quite regularly on air and off.
She's just like me.
When Trump has good stuff happening, she supports it.
When he's doing stuff she thinks wrong, she spotlights it.
And usually he corrects.
He's got 4 million people under him.
But she's went on Bill Maher last night.
He's been critical of the left and telling them how they're out of control.
We can't just keep this super intense escalation going.
We've got to dial back the heat here.
And or it goes to full civil war.
And then she brought up the bad stuff the Republican Party's doing.
And she's dead on, absolutely right.
But the left acts like, oh, she's turned against him.
No.
To the idiot white pillars that think if you criticize Trump, you're a Democrat.
Or the black pillars that think we're totally doomed.
We have a lot of power as a constituency.
We have to continue to press the right policies here and not just see government going a direction and you go, oh, that's it.
I quit.
Or, oh, I'm not going to ask a question.
It's 5,000 D chess here.
The Fettermans, the Mars, they're all coming over to us because they know we are the sensible people.
Yeah, let's get this clip from InfoWars of Green.
We'll play that later.
Thank you for reminding me.
Hey, Brent that officer don't forget.
Thanks.
So, oh, I got a lot of clips.
gotta get moving here i got like 30 of them so let's go back to the beginning here not dozens not a hundred hundreds of trump administration officials that we know have bounties on their head by name have moved in to
military-based bunkers now i'm right up at the top of the list under the trump family and under flynn we got the list all right
you've seen all these other government lists that come out where i'm in the top 20 as well arctic frost the latest crossfire hurricane i'm always there because they know i'm reaching millions of people and when they're going to pull some false flag or some dirty trick they don't want me coming up here with credibility and analysis and talking to tens of millions of people now i don't have a military-based bunker i can go to but i'll tell you this and i told you this a few months ago i'm not living at my house but
we do have some things there and people there and we picked up good intel i'll just leave it at that so and i've been on there 31 years i've never left my house so if that just gives you an idea of the temperature out there just so you know and that kind of
helps me understand why trump wants regime change in venezuela because venezuela is hand in glove with the democrats laundering their money helping steal elections and financing the main hit teams with the different drug cartels and so trump learned five
six months ago and he already knew he was on a hit list but his whole family his key people his most hardcore folks like you know steve miller and stuff that are further cracking down on drug cartels oh marco rubio top of the list so so to understand they're the ones that put the bounties out on us so when you see trump put a 50 million dollar bounty on maduro and you see trump start blowing up the drug boats trump's not the type of guy when people start doing stuff like that and they've busted them they've caught them they've caught them trying to come and
kill people and it just barely blips in the news so i have the drug cartels with a gigantic bounty that i've been asked not to say how much it is on me and i'm just so relaxed about all this i don't make a big deal about the family the crew anybody it's just now you need to know and it was already announced by flynn back in march
so this is a man's world this is a man's game this is the real world here all right so when you see what trump's doing and
has the pentagon scanning all these drug cartels and i can tell you getting ready to hit them in mexico in israel even in brazil if trump just announced they have to because they're attacking this country with the drug financing for the muscle for kidnapping murder extortion on the ground and i can tell you that the u.s military is
uh not just you know getting prepared to drop thousand pound bombs on them and fire hellfire missiles at them they're on the ground already killing these people in venezuela and in mexico and they're on the ground in the united states u.s military
is killing these people so i can tell you on a daily basis you never hear about it never hits the news it's national security these are seen as enemy combatant soldiers they are being killed so that's how hot this war is for everybody out there that kind of sits back with their popcorn and it's just a podcast and a show and this is all going on they got a huge bounty on elon musk So that's what's going on here.
And so this is the big boy pants.
This is the big leagues.
This isn't chewing on and old anonymous handles and people wearing Guy Fox masks giving you a bunch of stuff.
This is real people trying to save the country.
Now, I need to call MTG after I saw this because I know she knows this.
She's been swatted over 20 times.
She's had a bunch of death threats.
I'm not going to get into her security issues.
But she's like, oh, I wonder what the Trump administration officials know.
We don't.
Well, you do know, MTG.
So let's get her on the show this week.
But I'm going to call her, actually, remind me, guys.
I need to have like a whiteboard so I'm going to write notes on.
I always forget.
So I handwrite them and they're little and I forget to go back to them, but it's written on a big board.
I won't forget.
But and again, it's not fun to get up here and even tell people about this.
But at this point, I have responsibility.
And I was even told, and I already knew this, but by experts, they're like, yeah, you probably don't even want to talk about it because then that makes it worse.
But that's the way it is.
And I can tell you the bounties on Trump are in the tens of millions.
The bounties on his families are, I'm going to stop.
I'm going to stop.
But the bad guys already know.
But then there can be other morons and idiots.
People, you got to be in these criminal syndicates to collect a contract.
So just for average morons out there, in case you don't know, God, there's a million dollar bounty on Alex Jones.
Well, I'm going to kill that son of bitch.
You're not getting anything but a lethal injection in Huntsville, Texas, okay?
And by the way, that's one reason they haven't been too successful is they know the military is hunting them down and killing them.
And most of these cartels already stuck their tail between their legs because they understand.
You think you're going to kill somebody like General Flynn or me, and you don't think you're not going to get hunted down?
You're going to get hunted down.
And God forbid you kill somebody in the Trump family.
And that's the main target because they know Trump's got so much security.
You are going to be lucky if you're alive in a week.
So we have the initiative.
We're winning.
We're breaking their back.
But you need to understand why this is happening.
And then you got the leftist uprising angles and all the rest of it.
So let's go ahead and people are asking, you know, why are top U.S. officials moving to U.S. military bases and Kirk murder aftermath?
It's bigger than that.
And then you've got, again, Cash Patel, I did a whole bunch on this in the last few days, literally killing any investigation into foreign involvement or any accomplices, which we broke.
And now it's all over the news.
Not very, very heartening.
But here is MTG last night on Bill Marbing asked about the Trump administration officials being moved to bases.
I read this week that a number of the members of the administration are now living on a military base.
What?
You didn't know this?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Stephen Miller just moved there.
Christy Noam lives on a military base.
J.D. Vance.
Oh, no, no, Chris Rubio, Pete Hagseth.
I mean, for people who love America so much, they seem to be scared of it.
I'm one of those people they call a conspiracy theorist.
When I hear things like that, I'm like, what do they know that I don't know?
Well, I don't think it's in a paper.
Here's why I'm angry.
The Democrats.
We'll go back to more of these clips of her in a minute.
Now, this was mainly because of Halloween in D.C. last night.
There's been a 98% drop in violent crime, carjackings, killings, kidnappings, muggings.
And even the D.C. mayor admits that with just a few hundred troops invisible spots.
And then the criminals think, oh, we're not safe.
So it's like having a scarecrow out in a field of corn.
You have to move it around every few weeks, but they still think it's a real person.
You got to change its hat, change its shirt here and there.
And the crows are smart, but not that smart.
And it's the same thing with criminals.
And then the police have had pressure put on them, or let's say had pressure taken off because Trump's put pressure on the mayor.
So they're able to respond more.
The Soros DAs aren't throwing the book at them as hard.
And you saw this in Tennessee.
We've seen this in other blue cities around the country.
But this is the type of stuff I expect tonight.
And then if the EBT continues to be cut off as it was today, the $7.9 million payment that was divvied up and sent out to 40-plus million digital debit cards.
This is at different sites in and around D.C., a massive group of youths are fighting with the National Guard in D.C. Again, this is at the Navy Yard.
Here's a few clips of this.
EBT being cut off, all these groups have said, we're going to get violent.
We're going to use it to mob and rob as soon as the money doesn't clear.
But you could say this is Halloween related, so we don't know yet.
But I think it's a no-brainer.
You're going to see exponential violence.
Now, let's move into this area.
This is really, really important.
This is a big deal.
We've already seen a lot of this before, but it's intensifying.
This is a frame-up false flag in action.
This is what we've seen happen over and over again with the Black Lives Matter and the Antifa and these other leftist-funded NGO groups.
So if you go back to Black Lives Matter and the George Floyd thing, you've seen the countless videos in Portland and Seattle and Chicago and Dallas and Austin and just everywhere that mobs of people just come out and block roads, block highways, block, you name it, or they'll just run out in front of police cars.
They'll run out in front of federal vehicles at courthouses, federal courthouses.
It tends to be one of their favorite targets.
But now we've had hundreds of rammings that I've seen when ICE goes into a marijuana plant in Northern California and there's dozens and dozens of underage kids, many of them literally in sex slavery, and you see them start ramming the vehicles and shooting at them.
You'd think that'd be a big story.
That was just one of hundreds I've seen.
People got confused in Chicago because there's been so many rammings that people get the different events confused.
And these are professional rammings that's now come out, are connected to the bounties.
And ICE has said that these rammings, these high-speed ones, are what the cartels and their hitmen are doing now.
And they come in professionally and ram these cars in the doors.
They ram them at the back, try to drive them off bridges.
These are professionally trained drivers that know what they're doing.
I don't know if I could do a good enough job.
I'm a pretty good driver to come in like that, get up under a car and be able to push them the way they do up to 40, 50 miles an hour.
So I've been seeing countless videos the last few months where it cuts and it shows ICE outside a courthouse or on the street somewhere, you know, doing a raid of human trafficking or fentanyl.
And the news, even corporate news, won't tell you this was a raid of human traffickers and 20 children were rescued and 60 women or whatever, or five kids and 10 women.
It comes out later and later, ICE posts, hey, we did this raid.
Hey, we found all this fentanyl.
We found all this meth.
Hey, that's why.
And they go there and there's these apps and the local stations are owned by Soros and Spanish and they send it out on the Democrat apps that have been launched.
They have rapid reaction forces by the mayors like Karen Bass in LA and other places.
And they have the mayors and governors saying we're going to fight ICE when they come in and all this.
And so they show up at targeted places who go after hardened criminals, not just criminal because they're illegally, but hardened criminals.
And there are hundreds and hundreds of people waiting for them.
And so they go in, they do the raid.
Maybe 10 agents show up.
There's hundreds of people waiting.
And I've watched the raw videos.
It's incredible.
And then they come out with whoever they've arrested.
And as soon as they get in their car, somebody rams them.
And then the crowd starts screaming and getting all around them.
The feds get out, doing constitutional duty.
They go.
They drag the person out of the car that just assaulted them with a multi-thousand-pound weapon.
And then they start dragging them to put them in the back of the federal vehicle, the Tahoe or whatever it is in the different cases, usually a Tahoe.
And then the crowd starts attacking.
And the women and men that they're arresting scream, I'm a citizen.
I did nothing.
Why are you kidnapping me?
Help help.
So it's all scripted time and time again.
You can see it scripted.
And then they cut the video there.
They never show the surrounding.
They never show the ramming.
They never tell you why they're there.
They just show, oh, here's men in camouflage hog tying a woman.
And here's the crowd angry saying, get the fuck out of my neighborhood.
So I've just given you one exhibit of this.
And the reason I'm doing this is human intelligence.
Millions of you are going to watch this live show today.
Hundreds of thousands are already on just on X alone.
It'll be millions once we're not live and restreaming until tomorrow at 4 p.m. when I start another live show.
You need to start monitoring these leftist apps.
You need to start monitoring these Soros stations.
He bought 230 something of them right before the election to do this.
And he coordinates people with them.
You need to go out, wear a hammer and sickle, or wear a pro pedophile shirt.
I'm serious.
Tell them you love Satan.
They'll love you.
I'm not joking.
Wear a rainbow flag shirt, whatever, and just be there and document it.
Or you don't have to go.
You can go look at these incidents.
And if you look at the feeds, good people are already most of the time posting into the feeds, hey, I was there.
Here's the full unedited video.
A lot of times we have to wait, though, till a week later, and then ICE puts on their ex or their Instagram, hey, here's our squad car footage, or here's our footage, or here's our body cam footage.
But they're usually being attacked up close.
You can't really see it because they're being attacked, but they put in the report what happened.
And I can't tell you how many times I read the report, and then later somebody actually releases a footage from a 35,000 foot view.
I don't mean literally, but back, and it's exactly what they said.
So this is a formulaic conspiracy.
This is formulaic criminal activity.
There's also countless videos where they walk up with a jacket on and their hand in it going, I'm going to get you.
I'm going to kill you.
We need to kill ICE.
We need to shoot ICE in the head.
They have signs, shoot ice, and the crowds, shoot ice, shoot ice, shoot ice.
And the guy's going, huh, huh?
Huh?
And then finally, they tackle him and then they cut the video there.
Oh, look, they tackled this poor guy.
And it's almost all white people doing it, boomers, or a lot of them, because they're the ruling liberal class.
They're here to create this crisis.
And I'm not just saying to be mean to white people or get brownie points with brown people.
No pun intended.
I'm simply saying you can look at the videos and see this.
And so I'm not going to let the left act like this is a white, black thing.
They're trying to make it that.
There's certainly a lot of racist black people, Hispanics, and others that are out there, and you see the videos of them.
But the people stirring the pot, the people orchestrating this are white academics and others.
And there's some Larry Conquista, communist, you know, Hispanic professor types and people out there.
But this is open and shut.
So I have a limited crew.
I can't do this all.
We need to make this a major trend of going and looking at these events because every one of them staged folks.
They have told ICE, back off the crowds, take a light hand.
They're trying to set us up.
These people are heroes.
They're David versus Goliath.
They're completely surrounded.
I see groups of two ICE agents trying to go in and do arrest.
I mean, that is just crazy.
I mean, luckily, they've scaled up some.
So it's groups of 10 or so.
Like I said, it was obvious you got to have.
But Trump put in a lot of funding.
I know it's hard to get trained, properly trained people back in through $50,000 bonuses.
But I would tell the administration, you could immediately hire people with quick ads, quick background checks that know how to do PR, social media, and run a camera that tag along in an unmarked Prius or something or something that doesn't look like a government vehicle.
And most important is information war.
And there should be when these 10 ICE agents go out with these insanely dangerous missions, going right into the lion's den to be surrounded by hundreds of people and attack.
You need information operatives there who you can bring in, have, and then they turn the footage over.
They go in.
They can have it up in hours and have live time exposing these people and you will destroy them.
I am so frustrated.
I could spend all day tracking them setting up ICE alone.
And I just don't have the time.
I'm sitting there looking at dozens of these videos I saw this morning.
I spent two hours this morning looking at this and getting pissed off.
And this is very important, but I got other fish to fry.
So you've got to get this out.
Now, now, I just spent 10 minutes prefacing this because this is bigger than just this particular story.
This is about information warfare.
We have the truth.
They have the lies.
And like I said, I've saw this clip edited on MSNBC.
Dr. Frett's not the crew.
And they are, again, look at this, this woman, this citizen.
Look at that.
Oh, you see it all.
Oh, a citizen got arrested.
Oh, they're arresting citizens.
Yeah, when you throw cinder blocks in their heads or ram their vehicles at 30 miles an hour.
So, again, they're loading people they've arrested in.
Somebody smashes into them on purpose.
They're on a stop street.
Leftist, oh, help me.
You're attacking me.
You're arresting me.
I'm a citizen.
So play what actually happened.
Play the raw, unedited footage by Kim Katie USA.
Great job, Kim Katie USA.
I guarantee, I don't know who this person is, but I guarantee you they're monitoring the apps that are going to attack the ICE.
They're going out.
They're getting it.
And, you know, it's the right thing to do.
Plus, I guarantee you, she's probably got advertising hooked up.
I bet this is getting millions of views.
I bet she gets $1,000 check for this.
Good job.
That's how the free market works.
But people like Kim Katie should be approached by ICE.
There should be an emergency program.
They're not to be given all the classified stuff and all the training and that because they're just going to be undercover media with a contract.
And you should just get these people.
This woman should be full-time because she just went and showed what happened.
So they can't set you up.
This is beyond important.
And you need these people out there where they do the big false flag and mow down a bunch of illegals to blame you.
And if they know you've got these people at all these events who don't get up in the middle of it, but sit back, they are fucked.
I know how to fuck the enemy.
And what's so frustrating is this is fucking simple.
I'm sorry, I didn't used to cuss a lot, but it gets people's attention.
And we are down to do or die time here.
All right.
Here's a microcosm.
You can pull these videos up.
I'll be sitting, and once it's Lucy's chicken, fried chicken place, and I'm indoors.
There's an outdoor area.
And I'm sitting there.
And this guy walks over, Antifa and he goes, I hate you.
We're going to kill you.
You're going to die.
And I turn around and I go, oh, you're trying to piss me off.
I'm sitting with my wife.
Man, I've known, I moved from the bar where my wife and I are about to order food to a table because I know he's about to attack or do something.
And the waiter comes over and I said, I want to get your manager.
And the manager comes right over and I said, because I'd seen this fat anti-vislav before at demonstrations.
I knew who he was.
So this guy just came over and said, F, your family, you're going to die.
We're going to kill you.
Then he walked away.
He's going to come back.
He's trying to get a provocation.
I want you to throw him out when he does it again.
He comes over and does it again.
About 10 minutes later, the manager isn't around.
I'm sitting there.
We finish eating.
He comes over and does it again.
And the manager comes over and says, Hey, hey, hey, get out of here.
Get out of here.
He laughs and runs out.
It's already time for us to go.
We walk out, and there's these tables all by the front entrance.
Him and this disgusting group of trash were already getting up, moving over closer to the entrance.
They could be there filming, knowing I'm finally fed up.
I'm going to say, screw you.
They only put out that footage.
It becomes a national news story.
Jones is screaming innocent people at a chicken place.
They sent the Austin American Statesman down there.
I know this reporter for a long time.
He is a leftist, but not pure evil.
He talks to the manager, they let him see the surveillance footage.
He goes back and writes and says, Well, it turns out they did go confront Jones.
Did you know they fired that guy right after that?
So I've dealt with microcosms of this.
And again, they don't start showing the video because they're waiting.
Notice I come out the door.
They're beside the door.
They start yelling.
They get behind me with a camera and they're shooting frontally.
I should have said, oh, I'm leaving out the back door.
But that's how they do this.
They don't show you all the stuff they did before.
They don't show you assaulting officers with a deadly weapon, a 2,000, 3,000-pound car.
So you have to have the information warfare.
And I know the feds watch this.
It's like, yeah, we know that.
Well, you know, propose it.
This is how we win.
Embed people.
This is key.
And it's starting to happen.
You have to have the information warfare component.
It's not a side thing.
It's essential.
It's as important as everything else to win this war.
All right.
So here's the raw footage.
And then, look at the left.
This is all the place.
This is Jesus freaking Congress.
By far the most disturbing ICE video I've seen from Ebington, Illinois today.
An ICE agent points his gun at unarmed citizens twice.
Then he goes around the SUV and drops his knees and his full weight onto a man's back.
Moments later, the same man's head is beaten in the pavement while the agent holds his head down.
They don't show you them ramming the vehicle.
They don't show them assaulting him.
They don't show.
No, no, no, no, no.
They just go, look at this guy in camo just running around like he's Hulk Hogan jumping on people.
Instead of here they are doing their job, constitutional, surrounded, being attacked, being rambling.
All this is going on.
Oh, no, just look.
They just fell out of a clear blue sky.
Just fell right on you.
I know I made a big deal about this because it is a big deal.
Here it is.
Jesus!
Jesus!
You have paper!
My paper's done!
Keep on that!
Go for United!
Get back!
Get back!
Get the fuck out of here.
Back up.
Back up.
Don't put your hands on me.
Back up.
Don't put your hands on me.
Nobody's touching you.
Back touching you.
Get your hands off.
Get your hands off.
He's not here.
Get your hands off.
Hit pause.
Now we're showing you the unedited three-plus-minute clip.
Then we'll show you the edit one.
But again, imagine.
They have rammed their vehicle, smashing it.
See, it doesn't show the first because it didn't start till then.
It's like the car smashed in.
It had to be going like 30 miles an hour.
Okay.
They're attacking them, throwing things at them all this.
A mob starts coming in.
And the woman's screaming, I'm a citizen.
And otherwise, like, do you have papers?
Are you a citizen?
Yes, I am.
And then they're, ha.
And then it's on MSNBC.
Look at this poor woman.
In fact, in post, I'll find that clip.
We'll put it in.
This is what we're talking about.
I know I can't get over it because it's so obvious.
It's so diabolical.
And it's also such a cheap trick.
All you got to do is have your own camera people there, and they are screwed.
And again, I know the feds are like, Well, we have our body cams.
That's up close.
That doesn't work.
That's that's fine.
That's dandy.
Or have editors back at the base and just start putting camera pods all over the damn vehicles that shoot 360 or something.
All right, go back to the Raw clip.
Then it cuts into where they cut in to be totally deceptive.
Oh, that's another thing.
Oh, he's pointing a gun.
It's pepper spray.
Just lie upon lie.
By the way, you gotta be a radio listener.
They are surrounded.
Now, here's where they edit.
Here's the edited clip.
Get the hell out of here!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Leave our neighbors alone, you fucker!
Get out of here!
Man, get out of here, you fuckers!
Get out!
Ice out!
Ice out!
Yeah, we're watching you, you fuckers!
They crashed into her, they kidnapped her, and they left.
How dare the feds they get rammed and attacked arrest the people?
This is just terrible.
This is later in the aftermath.
Now there's a bigger crowd around him and people are menacing him and saying we're going to kill you.
So he does point a gun at somebody we don't know who.
Can you imagine having this job?
And they got this fat slob that rammed them.
They're still trying to get in the vehicle.
Let her go.
That's why I couldn't be one of these federal agents.
I'd have baton her over the head so fast, trying to get her in the car.
Because she's putting all their lives in danger with this bullshit.
She just rammed their car and tried to drive it down the street.
Get the fuck out of here!
You pulled the gun up, people!
Fuck you, you piece of shit!
You fucking piece of shit!
Fuck you, fucking piece of shit!
Leave her alone!
You're a piece of shit!
I can't believe they haven't killed people yet.
I'm not saying they should, but they have been such restraint.
Again, when cops and feds do bad things, I'm all over their ass.
You know that.
I'm all over Cash Patel killing any investigation into Kirk by foreign actors.
Because Tulsi Gabbard them, they found evidence.
I just call balls and strikes.
Oh, God, we just rammed you.
We're just attacking you.
We're just surrounding you 100 to 1.
Why are you mad?
Get the fuck out!
And all the old boomers are out there.
Get the fuck out of here.
There's dozens of these videos.
The left all uploaded it after acting like they just did nothing.
They just attacked this woman and this man for no reason.
Get out of here!
Get out of here, piece of shit!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Let him go!
Let him go!
Feds randomly attack and arrest citizens for no reason.
These leftists have all been raised to hate America at the universities.
You know, this woman screaming, it probably has two college degrees.
Oh, look, he's punching the guy in the head.
It's been resisting for 15 minutes.
Let him go!
Anyway, they're just trying to get out of there with people that just rammed them.
Serious felony.
And they won't get in the vehicle.
I mean, it's not police retaliatory.
At that point, take a baton out and just start whacking the legs.
Like, get up, get up, because they don't have enough officers to pick the slob up and put him in the vehicle.
And I'm not saying Trump should suspend this type of enforcement.
I know he's ramping up, trying to keep his promise, but this is a setup, folks.
I warned this was coming eight months ago, nine months ago.
I said, this is where the rubber meets the road.
This is where they're going to try to get it going.
So let me ask you a question.
For $85,000 a year, would you take this job?
I mean, I just have to literally kiss ICE's ass at this point.
I mean, this is Herculean, horrible job.
Dangerous.
They're getting killed.
They're getting shot.
They're shooting up their vehicles.
The idiot leftists shoot up a van, not thinking illegals are in it, kill a couple of them.
They've killed Border Patrol, killed ICE.
You don't even know their names.
This doesn't even hit the news.
And these are the people when we have reporters out and others do.
And they're like, we're going to kill you too, not just Charlie Kirk.
A bunch of geriatric terrorists.
All right, I'd spend a lot of time on that because it's a big deal.
And if you're wondering what's going on, there's a big article about it today.
All these movies that are out.
One battle after another is just one example of assassination culture.
Communists killing Trump supporters.
That's the fantasy with Leonardo DiCaprio.
All right, I'm going to take a short break and then I'm going to get into the shutdown and what's really going on there.
Then I'm going to get into what's happening with Venezuela.
And then I'm going to hit J.D. Vance.
Yeah, we'll play his little Halloween thing that was funny.
But no, his speech at Turning Point USA, explaining what America First is, and really a shot across the battle of the Israel First lobby to knock it off.
This is powerful stuff.
It's coming up.
Remember, you're the Paul Revere.
Take a live feed from Relox Jones on X right now and AJN Live and share it and tell folks, hey, the truth's being discussed here.
The bad guys don't let this information known.
You're the Paul Revere.
Share the live feed now.
And later, we're going to cut up big clips of this show.
We're going to put it out there.
And then you carry the ball.
The ball is in your hand.
The baton is handed to you.
You're more important than I am.
You're more important than the crew.
You're more important.
You are the operation.
And again, we're going to do it.
We have the reporters.
Soon we'll be out of this bankruptcy and we're going to do this.
We already do it some.
We're going to track these leftist apps.
We'll be out there.
This is like shooting fish in a barrel.
I mean, that peacefully.
You go.
It tells, go here.
ICE is here.
You can go there and you can show what they're really doing versus what they put out.
And that hamstrings them.
That destroys them.
And it's so easy.
Because we can't count on the feds to gear up and do this.
They will.
Don't worry.
We have to be the citizens.
We have to be the eyes and ears.
We have to take action now.
We'll be right back.
Stay with us.
Methylene red is the ultimate complement to methylene blue.
It's like Batman and Robin.
Right.
This is Robin.
Okay, I just took this and I took, I only took three free droppers full.
And I feel like calm energy, if that makes sense.
I feel like if I want to go think about something or go deep into something, I can do that right now.
It's like a sour warhead and it's like, oh my God.
And then I'm like, oh, wow.
Okay, I actually feel it.
Same way you feel methylene blue, you feel this.
So look at here's your normal methylene blue, right?
Look at methylene red.
Dude, that's a freaking take.
If you're taking this, you really need this.
It's like, you know how big pharma always tells you, hey, if you get, you know, this SSRI, you're going to need this to go with it.
Well, this is the natural, more natural way to do it.
You got methylene blue and you got methylene red.
These complement each other and you need both of them.
Go to the alexjonestore.com today and get yours.
And I think right now it's 50% off if you subscribe.
Alex Jones, patriot.
A man they tried to silence.
They came for his voice, his platform, his life.
But they can't stop him.
Gentlemen, we can rebuild him.
We have the technology.
We have the capability to make the world's most unstoppable force.
Alex Jones will be that man.
Better than he was before.
Better.
Stronger.
Faster.
Louder.
Go to alexjonesapp.com, the number one news app in the world.
Here it is, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's available right now exclusively, limited first run.
A little more comes in in a month, but they got limited run.
Chase, tell us about what is in Ultra Methylene Red.
Well, I got to tell you, I've never been prouder of a product launch than I am of this.
I really had a heavy hand in this.
And so we put this together as both a methylene blue super enhancer, especially with the cognitive focus benefits, the mitochondria empowerment and the brain dropping off an extra electron for the brain cells, but it's also an incredible standalone product.
I mean, just to give you an example, Alex, one of our best sellers when we were still operating the InfoWars store was Ultra 12.
And this has everything that Ultra 12 had in it.
206,000% your daily value of vitamin B12 through methylcobalin.
It's even got the CoQ10 in it, of course, which is huge.
But this is the most impressive compilation of ingredients that I've ever seen in a supplement.
I'm very proud that we launched it.
I'm very proud that it's our second tincture on the market.
And when I'm looking through these studies, I mean, here are the benefits that are listed.
Migraine prevention, cardiovascular help, cellular protection.
We've got neurotransmitter synthesis and mood helps people with depression according to these studies I've looked at here.
Even energy and fatigue reduction, more cardio production, cognitive support, mood cognition, endothelial function.
I mean, it goes on and on.
Nerve regeneration, cognitive and mood support.
Everything we sell is the most insanely powerful, best thing we can come up with because this is what we take.
So that's why everybody just raves and raves and raves about the products at thealxjonstore.com.
In times uncertain of what the future holds, when cameras see everything and silence speaks louder than words, you'll need more than just awareness.
You'll need focus.
You'll need power.
Fuel your mind.
Energize your body.
Stay sharp in the age of control with methylene blue from thealxjonestore.com.
Because no matter how advanced the system becomes, your energy is your freedom.
This information we cover is not number one.
It's everything.
This is not some political genre.
This is a fight for civilization in our very lives.
You hear all these movies about coaches and stuff get out there and win and they all care.
They come together and it's triumphant.
That's for a game.
But we recognize that because we're supposed to be able to come together and do great things.
So the system goes, oh, you go out and do a children's thing.
You go out and play a sport.
That's where you put your manhood.
That's who we honor.
That's who we admire.
Then they even take that away from you and put men and women sports.
It's all about taking every human institution and destroying it.
That was sweet, huh?
Did you like that?
Yeah.
So you watch these coaches in games, especially the playoffs.
They're just, oh, they're all nervous.
Everybody looks at the coach.
That's good.
It's how a man's supposed to act.
He really cares.
He's got the numbers, the facts.
He knows the other side.
He's on the ball.
Because you're supposed to do that in life and business and culture and health and with your relationship with God.
You're supposed to act like that about the real world like Trump and Elon Musk are.
Instead, these evil little nerds who weren't in the cool club and hate everybody and they love passive aggressive murder.
It thrills them to know they're growing spiked protein and everyone and killing everyone and making money off of it while they do it.
And we're too stupid to figure it out.
And you look at that photo with Fauci like holding hotels and hotels.
He's on TV.
There'll be 11 new pandemics.
Trump will have it crashing down.
He won't stop us.
Your children need more shots.
You don't think they don't know what it's doing?
They did it on purpose.
And so you've seen FBI chief counsel in Connecticut go, yeah, we wouldn't start the lawsuits on Jones.
You've seen the CIA, FBI undercover videos.
They're like, yeah, we couldn't take him out criminally.
We investigated him and found out he didn't do anything wrong.
And yeah, under national security.
So we went and set all this up and ran PR about it.
We got some of the most hardcore information yet today.
This has been one hell of a transmission.
Again, thank you so much for joining us and being here with us today.
I want to look at the EBT cutoff and what the Democrats are planning with that.
We've got some key intel, but I wanted to play a clip I mentioned earlier because I forgot about it till they put it on screen.
I meant to send it to them, but they're so on the ball they found without even asking of Brianna Morello and a big clip they've been playing all over the national news saying, oh, MTG's turned against Trump.
No, she hasn't.
Trump's got 4 million people under him.
Trump is great, but he's got some bad people administration, nothing like eight years ago.
We're here to keep them on us.
We're here to hold the feet to the fire.
We're not a panicking.
But before I finish, realalixjones.com is key.
It's the clone of our sponsor, Bigley's big shopping cart.
It's the same shopping cart, but the original, thealexhowstore.com.
Except at checkout, every other sale that's at realistjones.com, every sale that's there is an additional 10% off on top of the exact same sales at thealxstore.com.
And all the funds at realalxjones.com go to fund the new network and go to fund our legal defense that's so key in our legal offense.
So the new ultra-methylene red that's selling out very quickly, you'll sold out in a couple days.
The Irish CMOS, the original Methylene Blue, who got the best medical grade.
It's all there with massive discounts right now with an additional 10% off at checkout.
And some of these are lost leaders.
If you use the Droid app or the Apple app that are both free at alexjonesapp.com.
If you go to alexjonesapp.com, both the droid and the apple app that have gone number one in the news for apps are there.
It has the same shopping cart on it, not just the live show feeds and the archive feeds and the news feeds.
But if you use the shopping cart there, it's the same shopping cart at checkout, an additional 20% off.
Now, we've done the math, and I had to really twist Bigley's arm to do this because I don't own it.
To have so many of the deals be lost leaders, meaning in many cases, we're making no money or like 5%.
But they've looked at it.
They said, no, you're actually right.
This is crazy.
We have an 80-plus percent reorder on things like methylene blue, 70-something percent reorder on the other supplements.
Nobody has that.
So by basically giving away some of this stuff, we get you hooked because it works so good.
But I got to tell you, if you use alexjonesapp.com and additional 10% off at checkout and all the rest of it, it's just insane.
The widest selection of Patriot Apparel, and when I said it's the exact same shopping cart, that's actually not true.
They always hold back 10% of the stock for Alex Jones site, realalxhows.com.
So it's all the same products with an additional 10% off, except they hold back collectible daggers or trench knives or coins or whatever.
So there's always, not always, but usually a reserve of things that if you see are sold out at thealexon store.com, it will be available at alexjonesapp.com.
You go through that to it, an additional 20% off at realalxhows.com.
So take advantage of realalxjones.com.
That is so important.
That is the coordinates.
But an additional 20% off on both reallexones.com and thealexhore.com when you use the app.
And it's free.
And all I ask is when you love the app, you got great reviews, five-star reviews, send out the app to your friends and family and neighbors and people you don't even know.
Post about it.
Talk about it.
That's how the word of mouth works.
Say, hey, go to alexonesapp.com and get the free Android or the free Apple app and get an additional 20% off on everything on the store.
So it really is crazy deals.
And the new ultra-methylene red is about to sell out.
So here's the clip they're putting all over CNN, all over MSNBC, all over Bill Maher, everywhere.
Oh, look, Marjorie Taylor Greene has turned against Trump.
No, she hasn't.
She's fighting bad ideas and bad policies.
People are trying to sneak through.
And that's what they hate is the fact that we're not a cult like the Democrats.
We put Trump in to carry out our will, and it's a beautiful thing.
Here's the clip.
We need to be passing Republican appropriation bills.
And the Senate can get it through to the president's desk by using the nuclear option.
They can use the nuclear option on any piece of legislation overriding the 60-vote rule and helping legislation get to President Trump's desk to make it a law.
Here's what's important for everyone to understand.
Everything you voted for going forward is temporary right now until Congress uses its constitutional power and learns how to govern and learns how to actually use power like the Democrats have.
And we've seen them do it over and over again.
So I, you know, I support President Trump.
I campaign for him very hard, but I am frustrated at the fact that we aren't passing bills to make his policies permanent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we're all very frustrated with that because the last time I spoke with Johnson's office, unfortunately, I think the number was around a dozen of these bills that were going to be put forward.
But I mean, President Trump is well over 200 executive orders now.
And to laminate his time in the White House, we need to be pushing forward and making sure that this is a top priority, especially that.
Before you go, though, I do want to ask you, obviously, about the government shutdowns that are going on right now.
We heard from the White House yesterday, and we've heard from them all week in regards to layoffs.
I want to play this quick clip for you and then get your reaction on the other side.
The government shutdown could mean a federal program that provides food assistance to low-income mothers and children could run out of money in days.
What is when would these layoffs begin?
Two days imminent?
Very soon.
You will expect more announcements.
So we just is it just unclear or are you waiting?
Is it no, it's not unclear.
All of those things are very synonymous with one another.
These rifts are unfortunately going to have to happen very soon.
All right.
So obviously, that's the press secretary talking about the layoffs.
Where do you stand on these layoffs?
Because we know that Congress is still being paid.
Other employees, federal employees, are not so lucky.
Where do you stand on that issue?
I just posted about it this morning, and I'm so thankful that you brought this up.
Here's the situation as I see it.
We passed the CR, which is something I did not want to vote for.
The CR is a Biden-Schumer budget.
I am largely opposed to CRs.
I am extremely vocal about it in my conference.
And I want Republicans in the House and the Senate to do the job the American people gave us.
We need to be passing our own appropriations.
That is extremely important.
And that is the bill that we need to send to the president's desk.
So right now, this shutdown is a big political fight and drama, but it doesn't have to be happening.
The Senate can use the nuclear option and override the 60-vote rule.
They can pass the CR with a simple majority.
And the reason why that is important to do is because just the clip that you just showed about WIC, these are single moms that, you know, people have hit hard times over the past four years because of inflation.
And the cost of living is extremely high right now.
And so I don't think that these vulnerable Americans should pay the price because of politics in Washington, D.C.
I believe that soon and the Republican senators need to actually grow some courage and a spine.
They need to use the nuclear option, override the Democrats who want to fund health care for illegals, which is absolutely absurd, and we will not do it.
And they need to reopen the government.
And then Congress needs to get back to its constitutional duty, and that is to pass our Republican appropriation bills, which again, when they go to the Senate, soon can use the nuclear option, override the 60-vote rule, and pass with a Republican majority of senators.
And the reason why it's so important to do this, Brianna, is because we aren't at a point of bipartisanship anymore in this country.
And it has been proven over and over again: Republican and Democrats can't work together, don't work together, and refuse to work together.
And that is a fact of where we are in America.
So why would they sit there and banter back and forth and try to get seven Democrat votes when we don't need them in the first place?
And what is needed is bold action in the Senate, and the Republicans have the power to do that.
You know what's crazy?
They posted that video, the Daily Beast, a bunch of other places, played it on the news.
How is that her attacking Trump?
It's this idea that if we get engaged and we want more hardcore stuff from Republicans, because it's true, they gave the Democrats the bill that they had said they wanted before.
Earlier this year, Schumer already voted for it once.
The same thing.
This time we're like, okay, we'll pass it, but we're not going to add all this new stuff in.
And they flip out about it.
And then there were other clips of her on Bill Maher saying, yeah, okay, Obamacare is terrible.
We should reform it.
Republicans should do it.
But the Democrats, the one that did the bad thing to say we should be reforming it is not turning against Trump.
It's putting pressure to get what we want because we're a constituency that's informed and involved and engaged.
Now, he's very, very credible.
And I've never seen him come out with any intel that doesn't have to be true.
Senator Mark Wayne Mullen has just learned Democrats are plotting to reopen the government, likely Wednesday or Thursday, after communist Zorhan Mondani wins.
And they're going to somehow act like they weren't behind all of this.
So here's a clip of that.
After they went to the rally, they realized that their base is only more dug in.
So now what the Democrats are literally telling us this, they plan on shutting or opening it back up probably Wednesday or Thursday after the election, after they elect a communist in New York to be the mayor, after the New Jersey's governor race, after Virginia's governor's race, they're going to come out.
They're going to look for an exit ramp because they know they're losing.
Shoot, even CNN's polls are showing that this isn't good for them.
The American people have already been exposed to Congresswom Clark or Congresswoman Clark by saying that this is a leverage point for them.
You had Chuck Schumer say every day's getting better for them.
You had Senator Coons from Delaware goes out and says it's uncomfortable, but it's a leverage point.
And even Bernie Sanders goes out and says they can't open it back up because they lose leverage.
But they also know they need an exit ramp.
So after the election, Kellyanne, they're going to come out.
And at that point, they're going to go out there and rail that they're going to take the high road.
They're going to try spending it on President Trump and the Republicans.
And after they get on talking their way out of, I don't know, themselves, they're going to eventually open it up probably Thursday, I'd say midday.
Key into them.
I wonder how many riots we'll have.
I wanted to play this clip.
We're out of time.
Why is FEMA still paying for illegals to live rent-free in Burnswick, Maine?
Brand new apartments, $2,000 a month, thousands of dollars more.
The illegal aliens brag about it.
You know what?
Let's play this clip.
Let's play this clip.
I forget which one it is.
Let's find it and play it.
Clip two.
I mean, just this is what Trump still hasn't gotten full control of.
Well, he should have done a better job.
Have you ever run a gas station?
Have you ever run a sandwich shop?
I have in my jobs.
I had a job when I was like 18 as a manager at a gas station because I knew a guy.
He tried to make me like manage five of them after a day a good job.
And it was absolute hell.
I had like 10 people under me at a couple of gas stations.
I went to work and was 16 at a sandwich shop.
We moved to Austin.
And within a month, they go, we want you to be the manager only because I actually did work.
And I said, for how much more money?
Oh, $2 an hour.
I quit later because the job sucked.
But the point was, if you got 10 employees, it's hard to do.
Can you imagine 4 million people?
And they're trying to go through and cut this funding off.
And I looked it up.
You know why Maine federal judges blocked Trump six months ago and doge and it's in the courts, just like in the UK, paying for all these illegal aliens and stuff.
So I noticed this post had a bunch of conservatives going, God damn it, Trump.
What the hell?
Did you go look it up that it was blocked by a federal judge?
Did you even know that?
I'm not a cheerleader for Trump.
When he's good, he's good.
When he's not doing a good job, I'm on his ass.
But this is ridiculous.
Here it is.
How much is rent here?
Free.
Two years, three years.
Asta two years.
We have to pay the rent.
All right, y'all.
This is Savannah Hernandez in Brunswick, Maine, reporting to you from the All right.
So let's just move on from this.
But again, this is the type of crap that's happening, the type of stuff that's unfolding.
Now, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that when they stopped paying air traffic controllers, which happened Thursday, they were already not paying IT.
They were not paying any of those people, that you would have hell breakloads.
It's been over a month since the TSAs have been paid.
Sure, you can say get rid of them.
Well, they're there.
And so now it's breaking down because they don't have gas money.
They're working for free, but they don't have gas money or money for daycare, so they can't go to work.
And so I predicted, it wasn't a hard prediction, that you would see massive slowdowns.
Every airport is hours behind.
Some have had to completely close major airports for up to half a day.
FAA warns of surge in air traffic controllers calling out of work.
Snap uncertainty deepens as shutdown fight reaches crisis point.
President Trump says he'll do it, but judges are blocking him.
Some are saying he can do it.
Some are saying he can't.
And of course, this wasn't hard to predict.
Two planes collide at tarmac at LaGuardia again.
And then there's this lady.
This is the last clip I'm going to play on this.
And I made this point when a caller called in Thursday.
He was absolutely right.
And I'm going to do it.
I said I would do it.
I've just been a little busy.
Whether it's a bag of rice or whether you get three loads of food, go to the local church, go to the local food bank and let people know about it.
Not because you're goody tushuing that, oh, look how good I am, that, hey, we can't just count on the government during a shutdown.
The food banks have already run out most of them.
We have to go and show, like with a hurricane or whatever, it's really the Amish and the Carolinas that rebuilt most of the houses.
FEMA was blocking stuff from, you know, anybody that was white or conservative to create division.
That wasn't black people doing that.
That's FEMA that creates a division.
We have to go out and do this ourselves.
So this lady gets it.
And I said I do.
I do everything I say I do.
It's usually late, though.
Whether it's today or tomorrow, I'm going to, I'll do it after the show.
I'm just going to search best ranked food banks, private food banks.
I'm here in South Austin.
I'm going to drive over to, there's an HEB down the street and a Randall's.
And I'm just going to go in and buy a bunch of baby formula of the best quality and a bunch of toilet paper and some bags of rice and maybe some bags of pecans or something.
Just healthy stuff.
And I'm going to just point my car.
It'll take me an hour.
And I'm going to shoot video of it.
In fact, I'll air it tomorrow night on the Sunday show.
It's not about, oh, I'm good.
No, it's like, this is what you do.
I don't just tell you.
I said, do it Thursday and Friday.
I forgot to do it.
I just remembered it when I saw this clip this morning.
And if all of us do a little something like that, and then we also post the video and tell others to do it and let people know, hey, go to the local private food bank, that's the answer.
Because so many of the big government leftists want to steal the food.
It's all come out.
But I'm going to do it.
One of the best charities out there where 90 plus percent of the money you give actually goes there to Salvation Army.
But the purest way to give is just, I'll be in that grocery store 15 minutes.
I'm just going to grab stuff, throw it in the cart, and then I'm going to drive and dump it off.
A lot of them, they got these containers.
They just put it in there.
But I'm going to find one where I can walk in.
I'm going to shoot a video of it.
And I'll air it tomorrow.
And that creates what?
The chain reaction to get other people to do it.
This woman's doing a great job.
And I saw lots of these videos last few days.
And it's great she's doing it.
Now I would advise her, show people how you do it because that's what gets people to do it.
Don't just say you got to do it, which I know I've done it.
I mean, I've done the same thing she just did.
I'm saying do it.
I haven't done it yet.
I'm sure she probably already has.
But the power of you showing it and doing it is key.
So here's a clip.
All right, listen here, sweet cheeks.
I'm just going to get straight to the dagum point.
So for a couple of weeks now, we've been online talking about these snap benefits.
We have shared our thoughts and opinions, our anger and our frustration.
We've been pointing out the freeloaders.
We've been calling out the people who use and abuse the system.
But we've reached a point now where we need to be doing something bigger.
We need to start taking all that anger, all this frustration, and we need to start turning it into action.
Because in all reality, there are the elderly, there are disabled, there are veterans, single parents, families who work but are still struggling who need those benefits.
And just sitting on the internet, fussing and arguing is not going to feed these people.
So here's what we need to start doing.
Start posting about church food pantries.
Start posting about food banks and donation drives.
Start getting out there and volunteering in our local communities.
Organize and start collecting canned goods at work, at schools.
Start going through your neighborhood and finding out who needs help.
And look, we already know how to do this.
We do it every time there's a hurricane, a flood, fires, tornadoes.
When disasters hit, we come together as Americans and help each other.
And guess what?
Families going hungry is a disaster.
And now it's our turn to step up once again.
We have said our opinions.
We've gotten online and vented.
We have made our points.
But right now, we need to start being the solution.
Let's start taking that same energy we use online to argue.
And we need to use it to start serving, start helping, and start feeding the people who truly need it.
Talking and expressing hot air won't fill somebody's pantry.
But action, action will.
So to everyone and anyone that sees this video, let's get to work for our fellow Americans.
And you can say half people on welfare don't deserve it, and it's dependent.
We get that.
But they're trying to say Trump and we're doing it.
It's right to help these people.
And if hundreds of thousands of people that see this, millions that see it, you go out and do it.
You videotape it.
You post it.
Maybe you don't know how to do stuff on X. Maybe your nephew does, your cousin, your neighbor, whatever.
As important as giving the food is to show you did it to get others to do it.
There's nothing like example that does this.
And then it'll be a huge message to everybody about who was behind this.
And it shows the power of the people.
This is where it should be done.
We can show the 400-pound women saying, give me food.
I'm going to rob you if you don't.
And we've done that.
But we've also got to go to the next level and not just expose the evil.
We've got to be the Christ-like example.
And believe me, I got a lot to do.
But it'll be a pleasure to go do this after the show.
And I'll have it for you tomorrow night on the Sunday show, 4 p.m. Central.
And we'll just show it as an example.
Not like, oh, look, I'm so good.
I'm giving things.
Wait, no.
It's an information war, and we can't let them pull this type of crap.
Now, JD Vance went viral in the last two days because there's this meme.
We can put the meme up first, of him as this, because I guess it's kind of what he looked like when he was a teenager.
I mean, not quite that crazy, but the point is, is that this is the classic meme.
And instead of calling for memes to be banned like Democrats do, going, oh, that's a deep fake, he made a joke about it and dressed up like it for Halloween.
We'll play that clip in a moment.
And then it kind of cuts the famous blade runner Roy Battydale where his head's spitting around.
Combat battle, optimum self-sufficiency, probably the leader.
But that's gotten all the attention.
What he's really been doing, talking about America first, is what is really important.
We'll get to that club in a moment, but first this.
Happy Halloween, kids.
And remember, say thank you.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak.
Let's stop here.
I want to introduce this club.
So here is Vance a few days ago.
And this is where he took a lot of questions about Israel.
But bigger than what Vance says here, notice the resounding applause at a TPUSA event when he says it's America first, not Israel first.
And the idea that if you're for America first, you're somehow this evil Nazi, that's ridiculous.
And Israel and its lobbies have gotten really arrogant.
I'll get to that in a moment.
A new development about you better do what we say or you're a bad person.
No, America with the Russians is who defeated Hitler, along with the people, the allies, the UK, you name it.
So this whole ADL thing has come to an end.
And whenever Tucker had Nick Fuentes on, whether you agree with Nick or not, I agree with a lot of what he says, disagree with some, like Stalin.
But it was a pretty balanced interview.
And Tucker asked some tough questions.
And that's who Tucker interviews.
That's what's interesting and informative.
And I helped engineer the interview and got the two to stop fighting with each other.
Not bragging, it's just a fact.
So then you had the Israel first right-wing lobby.
The Ben Shapiros, the Levins come out and really come after Tucker hardcore, try to get the Heritage Foundation to kick him out.
Well, if you think getting rid of Nick Fuentez or Tucker Carlson, who, by the way, are pretty far apart on many issues, but you're not worshiping Israel over here where you're at, do you think goes away?
Nick's made this point back when he was with the Daily Wire right when it started, and he was a libertarian and even pro-Israel, but they tried to make him go to Israel, try to brainwash him.
He wasn't supposed to ask questions about Israel, why they were so obsessed with it.
And then look at the process where that went.
And listen to the crowds.
So Nick's made the point for years that when they kicked him out multiple times, eight years ago, six years ago, I mean, I was there at one of the events.
I think it was in outside D.C.
It was a big CPAC.
And I'm there with Bolsonaro and all the rest of it.
And I'm like, what's going over there with all the security?
And so, oh, they're throwing Nick Fuentez out.
And they threw him out of events everywhere.
What do you think that would do?
And so now Nick has said for years, I'm not in your fortress, but I've actually taken your fortress over.
Well, you see at any TPUSA event now, the questions just keep coming about Israel.
And instead of slapping it down and saying, yeah, you're a demon, here's the vice president saying, you know, you're overall right.
But we're not Israel's enemy, but Israel isn't going to drive the ship here, fly the airplane.
They're not going to put with that in Israel either from us.
So this is about territorialism.
It's about standing up for ourselves.
But to the Ben Shapiros and to the Hammers and others out there that I'll get to in a moment, do you understand that the tide hasn't just turned against what you're doing?
It's violently done it.
And your insistence on trying to crush anybody and say Tucker Carlson is a fox in the hen house and you've got to neutralize a fox.
And you've already got everybody saying Israel killed Kirk.
And I didn't see evidence of that up front.
So I said, I don't see that.
The left called for it, celebrated it, all of it.
Now you got Cash Patel confirmed when I first broke in at the 17th of September.
I mean, Kirk's body, you know, just been dead a week or so.
Now it's all come out last week that it was all what I told you, obviously, was true.
It was from people in the actual cabinet meeting, not a televised cabinet meeting, not a PR event, not a press release, but in the meeting, I told you, they're killing any domestic or any foreign thing.
That's a problem.
And then, oh, we need to deal with Tucker.
We need to neutralize him like a fox in a hen house.
Why do you neutralize a fox in a hen house?
You do it with a shotgun or 22.
So that's not even a veiled threat.
So I don't want Israel to be the central issue.
I want to reform the problems.
I want to deal with it.
I want to stop the wars.
I'll cover bad things Israel does, like founding Hamas or USS Liberty or the Levan Affair.
But there are other things to deal with.
And I know a lot of people that run Israel want to be the center of attention and be persecuted so they can stay in control and play victim.
That is a very destructive course you're on.
I talked about it a few weeks ago with Tucker.
So please don't cast yourself in the whole world as the villains, but you're not stopping.
And when you make not even veiled threats against Tucker Carlson, you piss me off.
So that's where I stand on that.
Here is J.D. Vance.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak.
I'm a Christian man, and I'm just confused why there's this notion that we might owe Israel something, or that they're our greatest ally, or that we have to support this multi-hundred billion dollar foreign aid package to Israel to cover this, to quote Charlie Kirk, ethnic cleansing in Gaza.
I'm just confused why this idea has come around, considering the fact that not only does their religion not agree with ours, but also openly supports the prosecution of ours.
Yeah, so let me say a few things about this.
First of all, when the President of the United States says America first, that means that he pursues the interests of Americans first.
That is our entire foreign policy.
And that doesn't mean that you're not going to have alliances, that you're not going to work with other countries from time to time.
And that is what the president believes, is that Israel, sometimes they have similar interests to the United States, and we're going to work with them in that case.
Sometimes they don't have similar interests to the United States.
And this example, the most recent Gaza peace plan that all of us have been working on very hard for the past few weeks, the president of the United States could only get that peace deal done by actually being willing to apply leverage to the state of Israel.
So when people say that Israel is somehow manipulating or controlling the president of the United States, they're not controlling this president of the United States, which is one of the reasons why we're going to be able to have some of the success that we've had in the Middle East.
Now, you ask about, you know, sort of Jews disagreeing with Christians on certain religious ideas.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's one of the realities is that Jews do not believe that Jesus Christ is the Messiah.
Obviously, Christians do believe that.
There are some significant theological disagreements between Christians and Jews.
My attitude is: let's have those conversations.
Let's have those disagreements when we have them.
But if there are shared areas of interest, we ought to be willing to do that too.
For example, I really care about one thing I really, really care about is the preservation of the church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem.
Christians believe that that is the site where Jesus Christ was crucified and also that his tomb is right there as well.
My attitude is if we can work with our friends in Israel to make sure that Christians have safe access to that site, that's an obvious area of common interest.
I'm fine with that.
What I'm not okay with is any country coming before the interests of American citizens.
And it is important for all of us, assuming we're American citizens, to put the interest of our own country first.
That's what we're going to do.
That's what we try to do every single day.
I promise you.
Thank you.
So powerful, so truthful.
And we're stating the truth out loud.
And the vice president is supporting it.
That shows how far we've come to get sovereignty back in control of our country.
And Israel has made itself the litmus test for foreign entanglements, foreign manipulation, foreign censorship control.
And so Israel's overbearing nature has been very helpful in that process, but has been very destructive to Israel.
And Israel is just pressing it.
And Netanyahu is saying, oh, it's an eight-front war now in America.
We've got to get in there and censor and control.
You have lost.
And there are a lot of other big fish to fry here.
And so you have to understand that.
And so now let me hit this.
And I got a whole report on it.
We're about to air that I shot last night.
Breaking.
Top Zionist, that's Josh Hammer, publicly calls for Tucker Carlson to be neutralized like a fox in a henhouse because he dared to interview Nick Fuentes.
And we'll play the report in a moment.
But look at the Hill.
Look at Axios and the Atlantic.
That's the CIA.
The leftist CIA.
That is the oh, the firewall against Nick Fuentes is crumbling.
The Atlantic.
Heritage Foundation president Tucker Carlson.
Nick Fuentes' comments sparked division.
They tried to get Tucker kicked out of it.
It backfired.
The head of the Heritage Foundation came out with a powerful statement I aired.
Actually, it's coming up in this report and just said, what are you talking about?
The intimidation and the censorship and the McCarthyism 10.0.
McCarthy was really going actually after bad people.
This is bullshit.
It's over.
So you lost.
Stop it.
Because I can look second, third, fourth order out where Israel's going with this, and it's not good for Israel.
And then overall, that's not good for the world overall, with Israel surrounded and going into some giant war.
So everybody wants to destroy Israel.
Hold your horses.
That's not happening.
Unless Israel continues on this path, and then we'll all be sucked in with it.
But the media in 2016, 17, 18 said, Alex Jones runs the whole resistance.
Alex Jones, we take him out, we win.
And I said, then I'm a focal point of the awakening.
Taking me out won't do that.
Because I said, that's true.
Sure, very influential.
All that.
Did censoring me do it?
Did attacking?
No.
And now, Tucker Carlson, Joe Rogan, Elon Musk, Theo Vaughn, Tim Dillon, Aaron Rodgers.
I go on for 10 hours.
The young Turks sound like me now because they're just seeing what I see.
And plus, the public's woken up, so they're going where the audience is.
I'm not saying Tucker Dickens is what the audience was.
He came, flew here 14 years ago, 15 years, to apologize, to go have dinner and come on the show and say, I was wrong.
I was an eocon.
God, they blew up Building 7.
Oh, my God.
I'm never going to back a war again.
So he woke up a long time ago and got off the train before it was popular.
But all these other people are doing it now because they understand it's safe to do it.
Well, that was always my job.
But if they think attacking Nick Fuentes or killing Nick Fuentez or censoring him is going to get rid of it, most of the questions at these TPUSA events are now about Israel.
And quite frankly, maybe a third of them should be or 10%.
I mean, to me, it's just like an obsession, and it's making the obsession worse.
And it throws the whole world out of balance because Israel is going according to what's good for it.
And in its behavior, trying to go in this Armageddon scenario, geopolitically empowers China and others and Iran.
It's not good.
But again, that's a sophisticated understanding, not some mindless one, where the Nazis only care about Israel and the Jews only care about Israel.
And you guys are like peas in a pod, man.
It is just, it is, it is something else.
We have to transcend all this garbage.
So here's a little short clip of Jeopardy with myself, Trump, and J.D. Vance.
Obviously, it's AI.
It's not real.
Not a deep fake.
The left's like, ban all these things.
Look, Trump's deep faking Jakeem Jeffries.
Sombura lowers down.
Mustache goes up.
Oh, Trump, all this stuff.
No, this is a joke, little levity.
And then we'll go into the deep dive report on what I just started getting into with the clips I mentioned.
Josh Hammer not even making a veiled threat.
He better hope.
Josh Hammer better hope.
Nothing happens to Tucker Carlson.
I mean, look at that guy.
What?
I mean, just, I mean, I, you know what?
I guess he does think he's actually igniting a crisis.
He'll come out on top.
You've already been defeated, dummy.
I don't want to get rid of Israel.
I don't want to blow up Israel.
I'm not your enemy.
You are your enemy.
Netanyahu's your enemy, you dummy.
Supposed to be so smart.
Head look like a peanut.
Supposed to be smart, huh?
Well, we put water on the crops.
You mean like water out of the toilet?
I mean, come on.
I mean, just look at that guy's face.
Come on, people.
Delusional, stupid.
Oh, let's take one of the most beloved people, Tucker Carlson, and talk about killing him like a fox because he had Nick Fuentes on.
That just made 10 times more people go watch the interview, you dummy.
And I'm not even trying to like stop people going to watch the interview.
I'm just like, do you understand what you know how the world works, Dumbo?
But he doesn't.
Netanyahu, we're going to censor Americans.
We're going to take control of the media.
It's like the head of meta-censorship goes, well, Jews are in control of the censorship of the major tech companies.
And if anybody says we're in control, they'll be taken off the air.
What?
I mean, Jews are heavily involved in it from the left and right, but I wouldn't say, oh, I mean, you're just like, yeah, we run everything.
And if you say we run it, we're going to censor you.
So here's the Jeopardy piece.
And then here's the longer piece on Josh Hammer.
And just, guys, you heard the crowd.
You hear the cheers.
It's everywhere.
And the more you do this, the worse it gets.
Stop trying to make yourself the center of the universe.
Stop trying to say everybody's Hitler.
Because a lot of people aren't sophisticated.
And you call them Hitler all day, but they're not.
They're going, oh, well, I guess I am.
Because the spell is broken of censorship, period.
The spell of political correctness is broken for the left and right.
So stop.
All right, great job, the crew.
God bless you all.
Here's this special report that the loop starts of the last incredible transmission.
And we're going to take clips out of it, but don't just count on us up here taking clips out of this.
This broadcast belongs to you.
You clip it, you put it out, and they can't stop us on TikTok, Instagram, everywhere, YouTube.
We are.
And it isn't about competition, but let me tell you from the real numbers, who's number one?
Not just in political news, but period.
Joe Rogan.
Then Tucker Carlson.
And then, and then it goes down from there.
Nick Fuentes, right here.
He's put the numbers out.
He knows this.
It's not competition.
It's dangerous to be in these positions.
This is in English-speaking media.
This is not in news.
This is number one.
This is who's there.
Now, I used to be number one, and I got targeted.
I don't even care about being number one.
I want the truth being number one.
But here's the deal.
I'm all these people.
I'm the ghost of the machine.
You could kill Alex Jones today.
skeleton.
It only makes him bigger.
But the point is, did censoring this person work?
No.
The current trajectory?
Well, I was already number one back, number one, hands down during the election.
So I've already been number one again.
But I'm more than happy to go down to number 10 or number 50 because when I become obsolete, when Alex Jones becomes number 50, we've won.
When I become obsolete, we've won.
Because I know my information is right.
All these people are Alex Jones now.
That's victory.
All right, here's the Jeopardy piece.
Here's the deep dive on the threats against Tucker Carlson.
Who will rid me of this man?
And then I'll see you tomorrow, Lord willing.
We'll see what happens with the EBT riots tonight.
I think we're going to see some real violence.
Hope it's not too bad.
Hope nothing happens.
But Gardners, I'll be shooting reports on X, you name it, with my phone, myself.
I'll be taking food to the food bank, showing you how it's done.
I leave from the front.
God bless you all.
All asses for your word of mouth and your prayer and for financial support and great products at RealHogshows.com.
Thank you.
Categories are.
That's a globalist.
Next up, 9-11.
Followed by famous fentanyl overdose deaths.
Then we've got It's a Man Baby.
Alex, go ahead and choose the next category.
Let's do famous fentanyl overdose deaths for 1,000.
Hey, that's not a real $20 bill.
This random criminal became the face of a George Soros color revolution in 2020.
Who is St. Floyd?
I'm checking with the judges.
And yes, St. Floyd or George Floyd both work here.
Alex, next category, please.
Let's go with It's a Man Baby for 1,000.
Daily Double.
Alex, you've got control.
Go ahead.
All right, we have a major Friday evening, October 31st, 2025, Halloween special transmission.
So, Nick Fuentez, five or six days ago, goes on Tucker.
It becomes mega viral, powerful first women interview.
And then I start hearing about very well-known, prominent American Zionist Jews calling for violence against Tucker.
And I start seeing the boycott movements being pushed against the Heritage Foundation.
And I've got big news to cover.
You know, I've got Trump getting ready to go into Venezuela.
I've got the EBT cards about to be shut off.
And I'm just like, look, it's an important debate, First Amendment, but Nick and Tucker are big boys.
They can stand for themselves.
Yeah, right.
People threatened to take out Tucker Carlson, sure.
So I didn't look at it.
Then last night, I'm watching Harrison Smith.
I've got the audio on while I'm driving home at like 5:30, and he's reading what these people were saying.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
And I'm glad a few days went by because I got to see it mature.
They then denied that they were calling for violence.
And when I went and read the article that he wrote for Newsweek, and we'll get into who did this, one of them, he literally says, when you got a fox in the hen house, you take them out.
So that's not a veiled threat.
Tucker Carlson and by insinuation, Nick Fuentez are foxes in the hen house, and so they've got to be taken out.
That is not a veiled threat.
That is crazy.
So here's my deal.
Everybody knows where I stand.
Israel has different leaders, different groups from time to time.
Like any big powerful group, it's got a lot of evil, a lot of corruptions, some good as well.
I don't think the world orbits around Israel, even though a lot of the Israel Fursers and Zionists seem to think it does.
And so by coming out and attacking Tucker Carlson and saying you need to be deplatformed because you had Nick Fuentes on, all you do, dumbasses, is create a Streisand effect.
And I'm not here as your buddy or apologist telling you that.
I am just sick of not being able to cover communist China or not being able to cover poison vaccines, not being able to cover transgenderism, attacking our kids, because everything is you.
Because whether you're leftist ADL or right-wing Ben Shapiro, you try to police everybody and bully everybody.
And god damn it, won't you get out of your own fucking way?
Jesus.
You think I want to be up here at Friday night talking about you?
You're your worst enemy.
And quite frankly, I'm your best friend.
Because I'm thinking big picture.
So look at this.
I'll play clips of this.
Heritage Foundation denies plans to distance itself from Tucker Carlson over a Fuentes interview.
And so, here's an article right here.
Tucker Carlson just hit a new low with his heinous betrayal of my friend Charlie Kirk, who is surely now rolling over in his grave, Josh Hammer.
Well, Fuentes didn't even say he thought Israel killed Kirk when the internet thought it because Kirk had had a break with Israel first and the Christian Jewish Zionist trying to bully him into full submission.
But now you're giving major support to that idea by saying, oh, you know, Tucker is a fox in the hen house.
We know how we deal with them.
Do you even think this through?
I actually think you do.
And you swipe the publicity stunt out of it.
The American Nazi Party couldn't do a better job demonizing Jews than you can, you and Rabbi Shmoley and the rest of you.
So listen to the quote: the fox is now comfortably ensconced in the hen house.
And unless the fox is neutralized, the victim could be the entire extent of GOP coalition itself.
Now, that is a veiled threat, thinly veiled, 100% designed to be incendiary.
If you just said neutralize his political ideas, neutralize his power of the political party of the Republicans, then I could say, no, that's neutral.
No, no.
When you say neutralize a fox in a hen house, you're talking about going there with a shotgun and killing it.
And there isn't anybody on earth doesn't know the meaning of neutralize a fox in the hen house.
So don't insult our intelligence and talk to us like we're three years old.
You just sat back in your big brain and literally issued a threat against the number one journalist in America.
I'll tell you, it's for biggest audience is Joe Rogan.
Biggest journalist, Tucker Carlson.
Largest overall reach, historical effect, Alex Jones.
And I don't want to be number one.
I've been number one before.
I'm number three.
You just attacked the number two podcaster, the number one journalist, because you want this big fight in the attention.
And you think, oh, I'll do this.
It'll become a big controversy.
And then we'll debate the meaning of neutralize.
Except neutralize can mean neutralize an acid or neutralize, you know, this.
No, when you say neutralize a fox in a hen house, it means kill it.
And you know exactly what you're doing.
Shame on you.
So here's Nick Fuentez talking about this.
And the fact that, you know, I wouldn't say the 2%, it's the 1% of the 2% of the left and the right involved in, you know, the whole Jewish thing that just drama queen about everything.
I mean, if I was some evil anti-Semitic person that really wanted to hurt Jews, I would be funding the ADL.
I'd be funding Mr. Hammer because I don't want the whole world collision and the world debate to be about, you know, Montami or the Jews.
It's like, you know, not against the Muslims, not against the Jews, but that's your own thing, but you just can't stop.
So here's Nick Fuentez talking about this.
And I'll go to the Heritage Foundation, and that's really important.
And as far as the statement is concerned, they like the statement.
They don't want Tucker to be kicked out of the movement anytime soon.
That being said, on the other side, we have the 2%.
The 2% that think everything is about them.
The world revolves around them.
The world turns on an axis which is centered in Israel.
The Holocaust Remembrance Day is the holiday that anchors the year.
For them, the Hebrew Bible is at the center of all of Western civilization, not Rome, not Greece, not the gospel, not the crucifix, not the church, not the Enlightenment.
No.
It's the book of Moses alone and the Talmud.
And the 2%, well, they saw a completely different video.
For them, this was literally another Holocaust.
Go look on Twitter.
Tell me I'm exaggerating.
The 2%, the $7,000 club, they saw this video and where everybody else said it's totally fine and we agree with it.
They literally think this is the beginning of the next Holocaust.
They're saying it's getting so bad.
It's a nightmare.
It's happening so fast.
They're ruthlessly attacking heritage, its president, Tucker, me, screaming about Nazis, about Muslims, about Qataris, about the hysterics, the drama, the drama, the paranoia.
And I have never felt more alienated from those people than I do right now.
Never, ever.
And I think everybody else feels the same way.
I think for the first time, me and the whole conservative movement are on the same page.
How did that happen?
And I'm hard to like.
I'm not a very nice guy.
And I make, I have a dark sense of humor.
I'm provocative.
I got something to say about everybody.
I'm a pretty difficult guy to like.
And arguably people could say I'm pretty radical.
But today, I think 90% of the conservative movement is with me.
If you have to pick between the Josh Hammers, the Andrew Clavins, the Seth Dillons, this crowd, the Mark Levins, or the Nick Fuentes, the Tucker Carlsons, which side are you on?
I think today everybody's on the side of Tucker and Nick Fuentes.
So again, there's Nick Fuentes.
And you can say Nick Fuentes says a lot of incendiary things.
Nick Fuentes says a lot of things you could call racist.
Compared to the left saying whites are inherently evil, our DNA is bad.
We should be eradicated.
He's a little angel.
So you can't point at him and say he's bad when the entire leftist constabulary is saying being white or Christian or Catholic is evil.
That is what you summon.
That is what you conjure is things far more extreme than Nick Fuentes.
And in the Overton window, people need to stop being ashamed of being Christian or Catholic or white.
So it's overall healthy as the antidote, strong medicine to your bullshit.
But here's Kevin Roberts, the very smart head of the very influential Conservative Heritage Foundation, with all the attempts by the Ben Shapiros and the other neocon folks to Mike Levin, you name it, to come out and say, you've got to get rid of Tucker Carlson.
You got to kick him off the Heritage Foundation.
Well, let me give you a news flash.
Tucker Carlson is way bigger than the Heritage Foundation.
But regardless, he's not anti-Jew or Israel.
He hates the leadership of Israel that is destroying Israel.
That's really his idea.
That's really where he stands.
He came to apologize to me in this very studio, right in front of the control room.
We shot the interview, 14 years ago and said, I was wrong.
I was wrong about the wars.
I was lied to.
I'll never support another war again.
He's not supporting Venezuelan regime change.
Even though I believe Trump has a constitutional right to do it, it's dangerous.
He can be set up by pigs, but he says, no, no regime change.
Like he is hardcore, steadfast.
Is he anti-American because he's against regime change in Venezuela?
No.
It's the same thing.
He's against war with Iran, Russia, Venezuela, all of it.
And so, oh, there's this firestorm of people pissed off at Israel and APAC and all this and the NEO.
Let's go start a fight with Tucker Carlson.
Let's tell him who he can interview.
So here's the head of the Heritage Foundation saying America first, and we can't have things dictated to us by Israel.
Think how far things have come.
Think how far things have changed.
And the Israel lobby, the different angles of it, they don't think, hey, this is really going against us.
Let's stop.
No, let's push even harder.
And again, my job is not being a Jewish apologist.
My job is not representing the ADL or AIPAC.
You are a distraction from communist China.
You are a distraction from all the other major economic things we have going on.
Israel's interests are not aligned with ours.
Netanyahu's interests aren't even aligned with Israel.
I am sick of you sucking the oxygen out of the room.
I don't hate you.
I don't want to blow you up.
I don't want to get rid of Israel.
I just want you out of my fucking life all the time.
God damn it.
All I hear about is you, you, you.
And then you're in here after Tucker Carlson, who's beloved for interviewing somebody.
You surely know what you've done with this.
And now you've got the Heritage Foundation on your ass because they know you got Mike Pence bulldogged everywhere he goes speaking about other subjects about Israel.
People are awake.
They see Israel as the establishment.
And you got the head of meta-censorship going, yeah, we Jews do run the censorship.
And if you say we do, we'll ban you.
What?
You have stepped in as the villains.
And I've looked at it.
And you're taking credit for stuff that most of it you're not even involved in.
So you want to be the victim.
You looking for Hitler 2.0 and you found Tucker Carlson?
Again, I got bigger fish to fry, but here's the head of the Heritage Foundation.
And Americans in general and American Jews particularly have to step up and speak out against this because this behavior is only going to create more of this.
I've had people do interviews about me and tell incredible lies about me.
And do you know what I do?
I don't talk about it because it gives attention to it.
And I'm not saying overall Fuentes or them told lies about you.
They barely even talked about Israel.
It was mainly Tucker interrogating him about is he a Fed setting up Trump when they had that Mar-Lago meeting.
But again, you have to be the center of attention.
I've already explained it to you.
Look, you cannot be this stupid.
I mean, I don't think Jews in general are stupid, so it must be deliberate, right?
Maybe I'm not smart enough to figure out the weird Machiavellian thing where all this leads.
You know, I mean, Tucker said this eight months ago with me when I was in Florida.
He said he thinks there's going to be attacks on synagogues.
That's what this is all about.
He's worried about all this anti-Semitism.
I see videos with the most ridiculous theories, you know, just absolute crap.
And I expose it when people are defaming Jews without evidence.
But when you step in as the censorship villains and do all of this and talk about killing a fox as Tucker Carlson, you stepped in.
So here's the clip of the head of the Heritage Foundation.
I'll have more to say on this in the coming days, but today I want to be clear about one thing.
Christians can critique the state of Israel without being anti-Semitic.
And of course, anti-Semitism should be condemned.
My loyalty as a Christian and as an American is to Christ first and to America always.
When it serves the interests of the United States to cooperate with Israel and other allies, we should do so with partnerships on security, intelligence, and technology.
But when it doesn't, conservatives should feel no obligation to reflexively support any foreign government, no matter how loud the pressure becomes from the globalist class or from their mouthpieces in Washington.
The Heritage Foundation didn't become the intellectual backbone of the conservative movement by canceling our own people or policing the consciences of Christians.
And we won't start doing that now.
We don't take direction from comments on X, though we are grateful for the robust free speech debate.
We also don't take direction from members or donors, though we are inherently grateful for their support.
And we're adding more every day.
This is the robust debate we invite with our colleagues, our movement friends, our members, and the American public.
We will always defend truth.
We will always defend America.
And we will always defend our friends against the slander of bad actors who serve someone else's agenda.
That includes Tucker Carlson, who remains, and as I have said before, always will be a close friend of the Heritage Foundation.
The venomous coalition attacking him are sowing division.
Their attempt to cancel him will fail.
Most importantly, the American people expect us to be focusing on our political adversaries on the left, not attacking our friends on the right.
I disagree with and even abhor things that Nick Fuentes says, but canceling him is not the answer either.
When we disagree with a person's thoughts and opinions, we challenge those ideas and debate.
And we have seen success in this approach as we continue to dismantle the vile ideas of the left.
As my friend Vice President Vance said last night, what I am not okay with is any country coming before the interests of American citizens.
And it is important for all of us, assuming we are American citizens, to put the interest of our own country first.
That's where our allegiance lies, and that's where it will stay.
So everything's Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew.
And then you've got to every time make it that.
So look at what Josh Hammer did.
He puts out a post on X to counter Fuentes and others saying, you know, they're calling for violence and says, oh, no, the verb neutralize means to make neutral, cause to undergo neutralization, to make something ineffective, correct, nullify.
But he left out three, military, to put out of action or make incapable of action to neutralize enemy position.
And you can say, oh, which of these is it?
So if you're asking, you know, third graders, well, which of the definitions is it?
Is it neutralizing an acid?
Is it neutralizing?
No, we're going to kill a fox.
So is it the military definition of kill?
And of course, it is.
So again, you're a little too smart for your own good.
You're cute by half.
You're Josh Hammer.
So, no.
And just look, look at this profile pic.
Who does a profile pic like this?
I mean, if I had to come up with a creepy picture, I'd have to work a long time for that right there.
And of course, oh, Jew hatred is inherent in European DNA.
Good God.
So this is completely out of control.
And I am shocked at somebody thinking, putting out an unveiled threat.
You kill a fox, you neutralize a fox.
No, you just stepped in and said about Tucker Carlson and Nick Fuentez that they should be neutralized like a fox in a henhouse.
You know how that's done.
And then now that just fed right into the Charlie Kirk thing, being killed by Israel, which I've not seen evidence of yet.
I have seen Cash Patel covering up foreign involvement, blocking Tulsa Gabbard's investigations, the threat fusion centers, and the trannies that all said he'd be dead the next day.
So at this point, I've got to go from, you know, ridiculous to say Israel's involved to, I guess you protest too much.
I mean, was Charlie a fox in the hen house had to be dealt with?
I don't know.
Because you got the mouthpieces that work directly for not Netanyahu talking about neutralizing the foxes, the evil Tucker Carlsons.
No, what it is, is you're on a power trip.
And I'm the guy that everybody knows is trying to move on to bigger fish here.
Okay.
I got bigger fish to fry.
But if you insist on being the center of attention and you insist on threatening people that I admire, well, then you've got a big problem politically, don't you?
And the problem is you.
You are the people causing a problem like this because you love summoning a crisis.
You love playing victim.
I'm not saying all Jews.
I'm talking about people like Mr. Hammer and Levin.
All right.
That's it for my report.
God bless you all.
I'll continue to fight on here in InfoWars.
Follow me on next at Real Alex Jones.
Please remember we're listeners supportive with the very best products you're going to find anywhere.
We now have ultramethylene red.
Nobody else has this.
It's a compliment to methylene blue.
In some ways, even more powerful.
It's selling out quick the first run.
Ultra-methylene red now available.
It's alexhonstore.com.
Fun of the second American Revolution worldwide.
Announcing, ladies and gentlemen, ultra-methylene red.
Now, this bottle is three times the size of an ultramethylene blue bottle because it's to have the formula, you got to have a lot more stuff in it.
But this, ladies and gentlemen, is amazing.
And it just came in yesterday.
I took it with the methylene blue.
Incredible workout today.
Clarity, focus.
It is so amazing.
So here it is, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's available right now exclusively.
Limited first run.
A little more comes in in a month, but they got a limited run.
Chase, tell us about what is in ultra-methylene red.
So we are officially the first company through the Alex Jones store that's ever even invented or launched something like this called Methylene Red.
And just like you said, Alex, we have suppliers that we work with, manufacturers that we work with in Florida, Utah, Arizona, and other places.
We reached out to all of them and we asked them for a formula that would super enhance the effects of methylene blue, but also work as a standalone product.
I mean, just to give you an example, Alex, one of our best sellers when we were still operating the InfoWars store was Ultra 12.
And this has everything that Ultra 12 had in it.
206,000% your daily value of vitamin B12 through methylcobalin.
So this is all backed by studies, by the way.
We looked very carefully into this.
The P5P form of B6 that cranks out GABA, serotonin, and dopamine like a neurotransmitter factory.
It's got 5,000 micrograms of neurological B12 that regrows damaged nerve cells and shields your memory from the brain drain agenda from the globalist.
But this is the most impressive compilation of ingredients that I've ever seen in a supplement.
Batman, the back computer's picked up a transmission from Alex Jones, and he's holding some kind of red serum.
Indeed, that appears to be ultramethylene red.
A powerful supplement.
Perhaps too powerful if it were to fall into criminal hands.
Totally neurotransmitters, Batman.
What if the Riddler gets a hold of it?
He could outthink us for once.
Precisely why we must act swiftly, old chum.
To the Batmobile.
There he is, Batman.
What's bed, bottled, and drives your brain batty with brilliance?
Ultramethylene red, of course.
As much as I want to fight and as much hard as I've got, the variable is you supporting.
You are what allows us to continue on.
You don't stand behind us.
You stand beside us.
And I want to thank you all for your support.
Now, hundreds of people have donated to our new campaign for legal defense, my parents' legal defense, defendalxjones.com, that takes you to GiveSINGO.
And if I read them all, we'd be here for a couple hours.
So here's just a small sampling of the incredible people that are literally at the heart of the resistance.
And without them, society, civilization would completely collapse to the satanic globalist system.
So these people that I'm going to thank here are representative of all of you from the bottom of my heart.
I want to thank you for going to defendalxjones.com and for the donations you made.
And I want to encourage those that haven't to go there now.
So Ryan Palmer gave $100.
Psalms 91, keep sharing the truth.
God bless.
And I notice almost everybody that donates is a Christian is talking about God.
And we reach out to everybody.
We don't judge people.
I just noticed that the most hardcore people that donate, that fight, that are with us at rallies, that, you know, that do it all are Christians, not the corrupt establishment churches, but real bedrock Christians.
You can see the hand of God working through them.
And that's just a beautiful thing.
Debbie Murphy, dear Alex and M4's team, thank you for all that you have done and still do to promote truth and freedom.
Best wishes, Debbie.
Stephen Buchanan, keep fighting, Alex.
God bless you and your family.
God bless you and your family.
Gary Catt, keep fighting, Alex.
Anonymous Gibber, I really enjoyed listening to your show.
You and your family are so brave to not stop investigating and asking questions.
May God help you with the outcome of these trials.
Well, they weren't really trials.
I was already found guilty by judges and they have show trials.
But it's not losing when the Supreme Court refused to hear it because they're part of the system.
We've drug it out and really showed the world just how corrupt this is.
Now they defaulted Mike Lindell.
He doesn't get a jury trial.
Big Maddie, $100.
Keep punching the deep state in the mouth.
Yes, sir, I will.
Josh Bradbury, $250.
Keep fighting.
Joseph Morgan, $10.
Keep up the fight.
Thank you so much.
Pro 2A.
Here's Warrior Dawn.
I pray for you, Alex, and your crew each and every day.
Thank you so much.
Also, buy your products.
Thank you again.
Have followed you ever since you began on radio.
We win in the end.
We're already winners.
God bless you for everything you do.
Please stay the course.
I will stay the course as long as you are the sales that allow me to stay the course.
I can be a captain and a crew that are willing to do whatever, but if we don't have sales, we're becomed down the middle of the ocean.
So you are the win in our sales, literally.
Anonymous Gibber, $10.
May God continue to guide you.
Also, may your voice of strength continue to ring true through your heart.
God's plan is unfolding.
We will all do what we have to do.
We will not back down.
Do not forget to lead from humility.
We are his servants.
Stay humble.
Be strong.
We are right here with you.
You are right here with me.
Thank you.
Stephen R., you have $50.
Thank you.
May God bless those who fight for our humanity, his creation.
Alex, God bless you, brother, in Christ Jesus, for rallying the troops to fight for all of us.
As far as I can tell, this is an asymmetric war.
No one spared from the deadly COVID vaccs.
Fight, fight, fight.
Keep fighting for team humanity.
I will, Stephen R, because of you.
It's all because of you.
Without you guys, dog don't hunt.
And these people want to destroy me so bad because they want to destroy everybody.
They're just literal wolves.
And it makes them so angry that we have community and organization and that people understand how important this is and that we're persevering and that we're winning in the actual info war, taking America and the world back.
So they can try to punish those of us that are at the tip of the spear, but we signed up for this.
We understand it.
All I ask for humbly is your backing.
And that's why I salute those that are doing it because you are the tip of the tip of the tip of the spear.
Kathy in West Virginia gave $100.
Thank you and said, what wonderful parents to have raised a son like Alex Jones.
What a shame that their parental love and support has resulted in lawfaring against them.
I was lucky enough to have great parents too.
They're no longer on the planet, but I send this donation in memory of Don and Eleanor who raised me.
So beautiful.
Chokes people a little bit.
Thinking about how great parents are.
Your friend Robert Allen gave $5,000.
Thank you, Robert.
Amazing.
Alex, as I said last time, fight on, brother.
We've got your back.
Thank you, brother.
I couldn't do it without you.
And then there are just many, many others.
I'm going to read some more of these over the weekend on the air.
I've got to get in there and do the live transmission right now.
But the coordinates of resistance, literally, where you know you're donating someplace where it's in the center of the fight, the center of the war for the future of humanity, is defendalxjones.com.
Thank you so much.
The ball's in your court.
