
Sept. 10, 2024 - Special Reports & Tweets
03:36:37
FULL SHOW: The Historic Trump-Harris Debate Coverage LIVE Here With Analysis By Alex Jones, Owen Shroyer, Roger Stone & Other Experts!
Source

Time 	Text
Let's go ahead and go to the feed.
I'm going to get Owen Schroer here in with me.
We'll have minimal comments during this, and then we'll be back with the full transmission.
Now it's up to you, Paul Reveres, to take the live feed at Real Alex Jones on X. Share it all over X, but also on your text message, your email.
That's the power.
You've got all the power.
Not like you're the tail.
You're the dog and the tail.
When you decide to take action, they're on stage.
Let's go to them.
Good evening.
We are looking forward to a spirited and thoughtful debate.
So let's get started.
I want to begin tonight with the issue that voters repeatedly say is their number one issue, and that is the economy and the cost of living in this country.
Vice President Harris, you and President Trump were elected four years ago, and your opponent on the stage here tonight often asks his supporters, are you better off than you were four years ago?
When it comes to the economy, do you believe Americans are better off than they were four years ago?
So, I was raised as a middle class kid.
And I am actually the only person on this stage who has a plan that is about lifting up the middle class and working people of America.
I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams of the American people.
And that is why I imagine and have actually a plan to build what I call an opportunity economy.
Because here's the thing.
We know that we have a shortage of homes and housing and the cost of housing is too expensive for far too many people.
We know that young families need support.
She's on depressants and speed.
She's mixing.
We intend on extending a tax cut for those families of $6,000, which is the largest child
tax credit that we have given in a long time, so that those young families can afford to
buy a crib, buy a car seat, buy clothes for their children.
My passion, one of them, is small businesses.
I was actually, my mother raised my sister and me.
She's on depressants and speed.
There was a woman who helped raise us.
She's mixing.
We call her our second mother.
It's called speedballing.
I love our small business.
She looks white as a ghost, looks totally freaked out.
Very wooden.
Trump looks like a Tyrannosaurus Rex just waiting to pounce.
Looks like a Tyrannosaurus Rex just waiting to pounce.
My opponent on the other hand, his plan is to do what he has done before, which is to
provide a tax cut for billionaires and big corporations, which will result in $5 trillion
to America's deficit.
My opponent has a plan that I call the Trump sales tax, which would be a 20% tax on everyday goods that you rely on to get through the month.
Economists have said that that Trump sales tax would actually result for middle class families in about $4,000 more a year because of his policies and his ideas about what should be the backs of middle class people paying for tax cuts for billionaires.
President Trump, I'll give you two minutes.
First of all, I have no sales tax.
That's an incorrect statement.
She knows that.
We're doing tariffs on other countries.
Other countries are going to finally, after 75 years, pay us back for all that we've done
for the world.
And the tariff will be substantial in some cases.
I took in billions and billions of dollars, as you know, from China.
In fact, they never took the tariff off because it was so much money they can't.
It would totally destroy everything that they've set out to do.
They're taking in billions of dollars from China and other places they've left the tariffs
on.
When I had it, I had tariffs, and yet I had no inflation.
Look, we've had a terrible economy because inflation has, which is really known as a
It breaks up countries.
We have inflation like very few people have ever seen before, probably the worst in our nation's history.
We were at 21%, but that's being generous because many things are 50, 60, 70 and 80% higher than they were just a few years ago.
This has been a disaster for people, for the middle class, but for every class.
On top of that, we have millions of people pouring into our country from Prisons and jails from mental institutions and insane asylums.
And they're coming in and they're taking jobs that are occupied right now by African Americans and Hispanics and also unions.
Unions are going to be affected very soon.
And you see what's happening.
You see what's happening with towns throughout the United States.
You look at Springfield, Ohio.
You look at Aurora in Colorado.
They are taking over the towns.
They're taking over buildings.
They're going in violently.
These are the people that she and Biden let into our country, and they're destroying our country.
They're dangerous.
They're at the highest level of criminality, and we have to get them out.
We have to get them out fast.
I created one of the greatest economies in the history of our country.
I'll do it again and even better.
We are going to get to immigration and border security during this debate, but I would like to let Vice President Harris respond on the economy here.
Well, I would love to.
Let's talk about what Donald Trump left us.
Donald Trump left us the worst unemployment since the Great Depression.
Donald Trump left us the worst public health epidemic in a century.
Donald Trump left us the worst attack on our democracy since the Civil War.
And what we have done is clean up Donald Trump's mess.
What we have done and what I intend to do is build on what we know are the aspirations and the hopes of the American people.
But I'm going to tell you on this debate tonight, you're going to hear from the same old tired playbook.
A bunch of lies, grievances, and name-calling.
What you're going to hear tonight is a detailed and dangerous plan called Project 2025 that the former president intends on implementing if he were elected again.
I believe very strongly that the American people want a president who understands the importance of bringing us together, knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us.
And I pledge to you to be a president for all Americans.
President Trump will give you a minute here to respond.
Number one, I have nothing to do, as you know, and as she knows better than anyone, I have nothing to do with Project 2025.
That's out there.
I haven't read it.
I don't want to read it, purposely.
I'm not going to read it.
This was a group of people that got together.
They came up with some ideas.
I guess some good, some bad.
But it makes no difference.
I have nothing to do.
Everybody knows I'm an open book.
Everybody knows what I'm going to do.
Cut taxes very substantially and create a great economy like I did before.
We had the greatest economy.
We got hit with a pandemic.
And the pandemic was not since 1917, where 100 million people died.
Has there been anything like it?
We did a phenomenal job with the pandemic.
We handed them over.
A country where the economy and where the stock market was higher than it was before the pandemic came in.
Nobody's ever seen anything like it.
We made ventilators for the entire world.
We got gowns.
We got masks.
We did things that nobody thought possible.
And people give me credit for rebuilding the military, they give me credit for a lot of things, but not enough credit for the great job we did with the pandemic.
But the only jobs they got were bounce-back jobs.
These were jobs, bounce-back, and it bounced back and it went to their benefit, but I was the one that created them.
They know it, and so does everybody else.
Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond.
So, Donald Trump has no plan for you.
And when you look at his economic plan, it's all about tax breaks for the richest people.
I am offering what I describe as an opportunity economy.
And the best economists in our country, if not the world, have reviewed our relative plans for the future of America.
What Goldman Sachs has said is that Donald Trump's plan would make the economy worse.
Mine would strengthen the economy.
What the Wharton School has said is Donald Trump's plan Would actually explode the deficit.
16 Nobel laureates have described his economic plan as something that would increase inflation and by the middle of next year would invite a recession.
You just have to look at where we are and where we stand on the issues and I'd invite you to know that Donald Trump actually has no plan for you because he is more interested in defending himself than he is in looking out for you.
I went to the Wharton School of Finance and many of those professors, the top professors, think my plan is a brilliant plan.
It's a great plan.
It's a plan that's going to bring up our worth, our value as a country.
It's going to make people want to be able to go and work.
Trump, bring up price control.
Bring up 75% capital gains tax.
Destroy the country.
I mean, God, she's... Look at her looking at that.
All she has is that arrogant face.
She copied Biden's plan, and it's like four sentences, like run, spot, run.
Four sentences that are just, oh, we'll try and lower taxes.
She doesn't have a plan.
Take a look at her plan.
She doesn't have a plan.
Mr. President, I do want to drill down on something you both brought up.
The Vice President brought up your tariffs.
You responded, and let's drill down on this, because your plan is what she calls is essentially a national sales tax.
Your proposal calls for tariffs, as you pointed out here, on foreign imports across the board.
You recently said that you might double your plan, imposing tariffs up to 20% on goods coming into this country.
That'll turn our jobs back on!
As you know, many economists say that with tariffs at that level, costs are then passed on to the consumer.
He does it selectively.
People screwing us.
It'll mean higher prices on gas, food, clothing, medication.
Oh, like we just got with Harris over four years?
$4,000 a year.
Yeah, they expect the Americans listening to this to just turn off their own reality.
What's going to happen, who's going to have higher prices is China and all of the countries that have been ripping us off for years.
I charge, I was the only president ever China was paying us hundreds of billions of dollars and so were other countries.
And you know, if she doesn't like them, they should have gone out and they should have immediately cut the tariffs.
But those tariffs are there three and a half years now under their administration.
We are going to take in billions.
Billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars.
I had no inflation, virtually no inflation.
They had the highest inflation perhaps in the history of our country because I've never seen a worse period of time.
People can't go out and buy cereal or bacon or eggs or anything else.
The people of our country are absolutely dying with what they've done.
They've destroyed the economy.
And all you have to do is look at a poll.
The polls say 80% and 85% and even 90% that the Trump economy was great, that their economy was terrible.
Vice President Harris, I do want to ask for your response.
And you heard what the president said there.
Condescending, resting bitch face is not really playing well, but maybe that's just me.
Let's be clear that the Trump administration resulted in a trade deficit, one of the highest we've ever seen in the history of America.
He invited trade wars.
You want to talk about his deal with China, what he ended up doing is under Donald Trump's presidency, he ended up selling American chips to China.
To help them improve and modernize their military, basically sold us out, when a policy about China should be- Oh yeah, now talk about Joe Biden with the millions of dollars from the Chinese.
Talk about Bill Clinton selling the Chinese the nuclear codes.
Which means focusing on the details of what that requires.
Focusing on relationships with our allies.
Focusing on investing in American-based technology so that we win the race on AI, on quantum computing.
Focusing on what we need to do- So that we don't end up having, on the short end of the stick, in terms of workers' rights.
But what Donald Trump did, let's talk about this, with COVID, is he actually thanked President Xi for what he did during COVID.
Look at his tweet.
Thank you President Xi!
When we know that Xi was responsible for lacking and not giving us transparency about the origins of COVID.
President Trump, I'll let you respond.
First of all, they bought the chips from Taiwan.
We hardly make chips anymore because of philosophies like they have and policies like they have.
I don't say her because she has no policy.
Everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window.
She's going to my philosophy now.
In fact, I was going to send her a MAGA hat.
She's going to my philosophy.
She's even wearing an American flag now.
He should have hit her with, well, I didn't give $85 million to the Taliban in Afghanistan.
Now he's a Chinese agent with all the Chinese payroll.
Actually, it was more than that.
They actually accidentally gave another $300 million to the Taliban.
That's crazy.
And when you look at these millions and millions of people that are pouring into our country monthly, where it's, I believe, 21 million people, not the 15 that people say.
Yeah, they train her on that condescending face.
Look at her.
Bigger than New York State, pouring in.
And just look at what they're doing to our country.
They're criminals.
Many of these people coming in are criminals.
And that's bad for our economy, too.
You know, you mentioned before, we'll talk about immigration later.
Well, bad immigration is the worst thing that can happen to our economy.
They have, and she has, destroyed our country with policy that's insane.
Almost policy that you'd say they have to hate our country.
President Trump, thank you.
I want to turn to the issue of abortion.
President Trump, you've often touted that you were able to kill Roe v. Wade last year.
Trump is destroying her.
Kamala Harris just admitted that COVID came out of a Wuhan lab.
Who saw that?
The Democrats really cooked it up on record under Obama.
The whole project was theirs.
Walls was involved in it.
You surprised many with regard to your six-week abortion ban because you initially had said
that it was too short.
And you said, quote, I'm going to be voting that we need more than six weeks.
But then the very next day, you reversed course and said you would vote to support the six-week
ban.
Vice President Harris says that women shouldn't trust you on the issue of abortion because
you've changed your position so many times.
Therefore, why should they trust you?
Well, the reason I'm doing that vote is because the plan is, as you know, the vote is, they
have abortion in the ninth month.
They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, not the current governor, is doing an excellent job.
But the governor before, he said, the baby will be born, and we will decide what to do with the baby.
In other words, we'll execute the baby.
And that's why I did that, because that predominates.
Because they're radical.
The Democrats are radical in that.
And her vice presidential pick, which I think is a horrible pick, by the way, for our country, because he is really out of it.
But her vice presidential...
Oh, they're gonna go ape with that.
...abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine.
He also says execution after birth...
Well, you're on your feet like this, folks.
You lose half your brain.
I'll be making bigger mistakes than them.
...is okay.
And that's not okay with me.
Well, good for him.
Bring it up.
But what I did is something for 52 years they've been trying to get Roe v. Wade into the states.
And through the genius and heart and strength of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do that.
I believe strongly in it.
Ronald Reagan did also.
85% of Republicans do.
Exceptions.
Very important.
But we were able to get it and now states are voting on it.
And for the first time, you're going to see, look, this is an issue that's torn our country apart for 52 years.
Every legal scholar, every Democrat, every Republican, liberal, conservative, they all wanted this issue to be brought back to the states where the people could vote.
And that's what happened.
Now, Ohio, the vote was somewhat liberal.
Kansas, the vote was somewhat liberal.
Much more liberal than people would have thought.
But each individual state is voting.
It's the vote of the people now.
It's not tied up in the federal government.
That's Ron Paul's constitutional position.
That's the right position.
And the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it.
And I give tremendous credit to those six justices.
There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born.
Madam Vice President, I want to give you a response to President Trump.
So that's good.
The governor of Virginia encouraged murder on a podcast.
That's not actually a surprising fact.
Let's understand how we got here.
Pat her down for a minute.
Donald Trump.
Guys, I want you to pull up the governor that was there four years ago, who was the former baby harvesting doctor, who said, yeah, where he says we keep the baby alive after, and then we harvest its organs.
I want to get that clip.
I want to put that clip out with Trump.
And I want to put it out with the reporter saying that's not true.
OK, go back to him.
In one state, it provides prison for life.
Trump abortion bans that make no exception even for rape and incest.
Would you understand what that means?
A survivor of a crime, a violation to their body.
Oh, that happened to the friend she knew.
She made that up while working at McDonald's.
Well, it's just hilarious saying it's the Trump abortion ban.
First of all, it's inaccurate.
The Supreme Court ruling.
But it's actually good.
Like, the right wing is the one attacking Trump on abortion.
It's not the left.
So, OK.
Well, I mean, he could just say, yeah, I'm not for killing babies.
There we go.
I have talked with women around our country.
You want to talk about this is what people wanted?
They're going to say this is the moment when she won the debate.
That's all they got.
Or the baby dying from a COVID shot, or the baby dying from picking up fentanyl, or the baby's being smuggled across the border.
You want to talk about kids, 325,000 missing under you?
baby down to pick up fentanyl or the baby's being smuggled across the border.
We'll talk about kids 325,000 missing under you.
A 12 or 13 year old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to term?
They don't want...
She knew this question was coming.
They gave her this question.
This is their scripted response.
She's probably practiced it 10 times.
Probably 20.
To put back in place the protections of Roe v. Wade as President of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.
They'll never do it.
But understand, if Donald Trump were to be reelected... And she's going to get rid of your tax on tips is her idea.
She'll do nothing, she says, other than open the borders.
The Democrats need abortion on the ballot every two years because... That's a fight.
Yeah, it's the only thing that they can keep up to get people to vote.
I think the American people believe that certain freedoms, in particular the freedom to make decisions about one's own body, should not be made public.
later. But imagine thinking this is a winning issue it affects less than 1% of
Americans. It's a big issue with our souls but absolutely.
I'm not signing a ban and there's no reason to sign a ban because we've
gotten what everybody Democrats, Republicans, and everybody else, and every legal scholar wanted it to be brought back into the states.
And the states are voting.
And it may take a little time, but for 52 years, this issue has torn our country apart.
And they've wanted it back in the states.
And I did something that nobody thought was possible.
The states are now voting.
What she says is an absolute lie.
And as far as the abortion ban, no, I'm not in favor of abortion ban, but it doesn't matter because this issue has now been taken over by the states.
Would you veto a national abortion ban if it came to your desk?
Well, I won't have to because, again, two things.
Number one, she said she'll go back to Congress.
She'll never get the vote.
It's impossible for her to get the vote, especially now with the 50-50, essentially 50-50 in both Senate and the House.
She's not going to get the vote.
She can't get the vote.
She won't even come close to it.
So it's just talk.
You know what it reminds me of?
When they said they're going to get student loans terminated and it ended up being a total catastrophe.
The student loans and then her, I think probably her boss, if you call him a boss, he spends all his time on the beach.
But look, her boss went out and said, we'll do it again.
We'll do it a different way.
And he went out, got rejected again by the Supreme Court.
So all these students got taunted with this whole thing about, this whole idea.
And how unfair that would have been, part of the reason they lost to the millions and
millions of people that had to pay off their student loans.
They didn't get it for free.
But they were saying, it's the same way that they talked about that, that they talk about
abortion.
But if I could just get a yes or no, because you're running the J.D.V.
Vance has said that you would veto if you did come to your desk.
Well, I didn't discuss it with J.D.
In all fairness, J.D., and I don't mind if he has a certain view, but I think he was speaking for me, but I really didn't.
We don't have to discuss it, because she'd never be able to get it, just like she couldn't get student loans.
She couldn't get student loans.
She didn't even come close to getting student loans.
They taunted young people.
These are windmills they bring up.
And all of the people that had loans.
They can never get this approved.
Don Quixote.
So it doesn't matter what she says about going to Congress.
Oh, wonderful.
Let's go to Congress.
Do it.
But the fact is that for years they wanted to get it out of Congress and out of the federal government.
And we did something that everybody said couldn't be done.
And now you have a vote of the people on abortion.
Like you said.
Vice President Harris, I want to give you your time to respond, but I do want to ask,
would you support any restrictions on a woman's right to an abortion?
I absolutely support reinstating the protections of Roe v.
Wade, and as you rightly mentioned, nowhere in America is a woman carrying a pregnancy to term
and asking for an abortion.
Not true.
That is not happening.
It's insulting to the women of America.
Show the governor.
And understand what has been happening under Donald Trump's abortion bans.
Couples who pray.
Ralph Northam passed a law.
New York passed a law.
They can kill the baby after birth.
They denied IVF treatments.
What is happening in our country?
Working people, working women, who are working one or two jobs, who can barely afford childcare as it is.
We decide whether the woman wants to keep the baby or not at nine months, whether it's born or not.
Then we decide whether to resuscitate.
That's a legal term.
Resuscitate means somebody's had a heart attack or heart stop.
Restart it with defibrillators or your fist or mouth to mouth.
Their term in bio Systems they have with the bioethics boards that the doctors get together.
He says in the clip Oh, we decide as the doctors with the mother Resuscitation means whether to say it's a human or not.
They just say no It's not a human but it's still alive Then they keep it alive for a few weeks until they get all the orders in for the organs now They harvest them all so they're fresh.
He admits it all on TV.
That's what they do.
It's horrific They don't want that known so that they're lying saying it doesn't exist back to Trump On IVF, which is fertilization.
The IVF, I have been a leader.
In fact, when they got a very negative decision on IVF from the Alabama courts, I saw the people of Alabama and the legislature two days later voted it in.
I've been a leader on it.
They know that and everybody else knows it.
I have been a leader on fertilization IVF.
And the other thing, they, you should ask, Will she allow abortion in the 8th month, 9th month, 7th month?
Come on.
Okay, would you do that?
Why don't you ask her that question?
Why don't you answer the question?
That's the problem.
Because under Roe v. Wade, you gotta see this.
They don't want this done.
We've got their ass on this.
Oh!
Let me just correct him.
He may have a cell phone.
And they just said, she just said, oh, we don't want to have babies being aborted in the seventh, eighth month.
Wow!
Really?
So now she would walk that back even though they do it after they're born.
We got their ass.
President Trump.
Let me just correct you.
We're going to turn now to immigration and border security.
We know it's an issue that's been for Republicans, Democrats, voters across the world.
And they just said, she just said, oh, we don't want to have babies being aborted in
the seventh, eighth month.
Wow, really?
So now she would walk that back even though they do it after they're born.
We got their ass.
Let's go on.
The border policy has reached a record high in the Biden administration.
This past June, President Biden imposed tough new asylum restrictions.
This is a big scandal if we move the ball on it.
Plus it's for the children.
Everybody, not just Infowars, I don't care about us being the ones that break everything.
Everybody, you have Governor Northam, you have them, you have them keeping the baby alive after it's born, saying it's not a human, and harvesting its organs.
In California, they got caught under her as Attorney General, allowing and persecuting the journalist and exposing, putting him in jail, selling babies with beating hearts to universities.
Go back to this lying witch who was the borders are, was the borders are, now fixed the border.
Came up with a border security bill which I supported.
Which would legalize all the illegals and let them vote.
To help process the people in.
The border agents, we don't need more border agents.
They're now nannies to the illegal aliens shipping in kidnapped kids.
They facilitate the smuggling.
They're lawyers and they're traffickers is what they are.
Federal traffickers and lawyers.
That bill would have put more resources to allow us to prosecute transnational criminal organizations for trafficking in guns, drugs, and human beings.
But you know what happened to that bill?
Oh, here we go.
Donald Trump got on the phone, called up some folks in Congress, and said, kill the bill.
And you know why?
Because he'd prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing.
Not total capitulation, open border.
Her new policy is total open border and legalize them.
Pelosi said it on Bill Maher two weeks ago.
And $150,000 for them in California.
Trump's response to this is going to be key.
You better butcher this witch politically.
The former president is someone who would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem.
And I'll tell you something, he's going to talk about immigration a lot tonight, even when it's not the subject that is being raised.
And I'm going to actually do something really unusual, and I'm going to invite you to attend one of Donald Trump's rallies, because it's a really interesting thing to watch.
You will see during the course of his rallies, he talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter, he will talk about when mills cause cancer, and what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early, out of exhaustion and boredom.
And I will tell you, the one thing you will not hear him talk about is you.
Total spin.
She can't even get a big crowd unless they tell him Taylor Swift's there.
And now she says he's boring.
I mean, this is ridiculous.
He's to say, you're the one that pulled less than 2%, which.
You're the one that had to be installed without one primary vote.
Well, I wish I was up there.
Only nominee.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Well, I would like to respond.
Let me just ask, though, why did you try to kill that bill and successfully so that would have put thousands of additional agents and officers on the border?
First, let me respond is to the rallies.
She said people start leaving.
People don't go to her rallies.
There's no reason to go.
And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there.
Bingo.
The moderators are all on her side.
They're trying to put their finger on the scale.
She can't talk about that.
People don't leave my rallies.
biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics.
That's because people want to take their country back.
Our country is being lost.
We're a failing nation.
And it happened three and a half years ago.
And what's going on here, you're going to end up in World War III, just to go into another
subject.
What they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come
into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States.
And a lot of towns don't want to talk.
It's not going to be Aurora or Springfield.
A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it.
In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in.
They're eating the cats.
They're eating They're eating the pets of the people that live there.
And then they have mainstream media claiming he's lying, he's telling the truth.
This is what's happening in our country, and it's a shame.
As far as rallies are concerned, as far as... The reason they go is they like what I say.
They want to bring our country back.
They want to make America great again.
It's a very simple phrase.
Make America great again.
She's destroying this country, and if she becomes president, this country doesn't have a chance of success.
Not only success, we'll end up being Venezuela or steroids.
Guys, start showing the police body cams of the Haitians eating cats in the street.
They eat them in the street raw.
...reached out to the city manager there.
He told us there had been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals... Oh, the city manager.
I've seen people on television say my dog was taken and used for food.
Maybe he said that and maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager.
I'm not taking this from television.
I'm taking it from the city manager.
This is Springfield on screen, the woman eating the cat in the street.
Again, the Springfield City Manager says there's no evidence of that.
So now it's Trump or the moderator again?
You talk about extreme.
It's like a dream, huh?
This is, I think, one of the reasons why, in this election, I actually... And now they're going to spin this where she won again, bringing reality that there are no Haitians, there are no Venezuelan gangs, they're not robbing or eating the geese.
They're not eating the cats, they're not eating the chickens, they're not eating the dogs.
We can show you all the police reports, all the videos.
I guarantee you more police reports will surface in the next 24 hours.
More videos.
They just caught him killing a bald eagle and eating him.
They just arrested him in Omaha.
Yeah, well, that was a year ago they prosecuted the people for eating the eagle.
So it's been going on for years.
The point is, look up Haiti eating cats and dogs.
His former National Security Advisor has said he is dangerous and unfit.
Yeah, that was the neocons he had in there.
His former Secretary of Defense has said the nation, the republic, would never survive another Trump term.
And when we listen to this kind of rhetoric, when the issues that affect the American people are not being addressed, I think the choice is clear in this election.
President Trump will give you a quick minute to respond.
Thank you.
Because when I hear that, see, I'm a different kind of a person.
I fired most of those people.
Not so graciously.
They did bad things or a bad job.
I fired them.
They never fired one person.
They didn't fire anybody having to do with Afghanistan and the Taliban and the 13 people Who's who's were just killed viciously and violently killed.
And I got to know the parents and the family.
They didn't fire.
They should have fired all those generals, all those top people, because that was one of the most incompetently handled situations anybody has ever seen.
So when somebody does a bad job, I fire him.
And you take a guy like Esper.
He was no good.
I fired him.
So he writes a book.
Another one writes a book because with me, they can write books with nobody else.
Can they?
But they have done such a poor job, and they never fire anybody.
Look at the economy.
Look at the inflation.
They didn't fire any of their economists.
They have the same people.
That's a good way not to have books written about you.
But just to finish, I got more votes than any Republican in history by far.
In fact, I got more votes than any president, sitting president, in history by far.
Let me continue on immigration.
It was what you wanted to talk about earlier.
So let's get back to your deportation proposal that the vice president has reacted to as well.
President Trump, you call this the largest domestic deportation operation in the history of our country.
You say you would use the National Guard.
You say if things get out of control, you'd have no problem using the U.S.
military.
You also said you would use local police.
How would you deport 11 million undocumented immigrants?
I know you believe that number is much higher.
Well, take us through this.
What does this look like?
Will authorities be going door-to-door in this country?
Yeah.
It is much higher because of them.
They allowed criminals, many, many millions of criminals.
They allowed terrorists.
They allowed common street criminals.
They allowed people to come in, drug dealers, to come into our country, and they're now in the United States and told by their countries, like Venezuela, don't ever come back or we're going to kill you.
Do you know that crime in Venezuela and crime in countries all over the world is way down You know why?
Because they've taken their criminals off the street and they've given them to her to put into our country.
And this will be one of the greatest mistakes in history for them to allow, and I think they probably did it because they think they're going to get votes, but it's not worth it because they're destroying the fabric of our country by what they've done.
There's never been anything done like this at all.
They've destroyed the fabric of our country.
Millions of people let in, and all over the world, Crime is down all over the world except here.
Crime here is up and through the roof.
Despite their fraudulent statements that they made, crime in this country is through the roof.
And we have a new form of crime, it's called migrant crime.
And it's happening at levels that nobody thought possible.
President Trump, as you know, the FBI says overall violent crime is actually coming down in this country, but Vice President Harris— Excuse me, the FBI defraud—they were defrauding statements.
They didn't include the worst cities.
They didn't include the cities with the worst crime.
It was a fraud, just like their number of 818,000 jobs that they said they created turned out to be a fraud.
President Trump, thank you.
I'll let you respond, Vice President Harris.
Well, I think this is so rich, coming from someone who has been prosecuted.
For national security crimes, economic crimes, election interference, has been found liable for sexual assault, and his next big court appearance is in November at his own criminal sentencing.
And let's be clear, where each person stands on the issue of what is important about respect for the rule of law and respect for law enforcement.
The former vice president called for defunding federal law enforcement, 45,000 agents, get this, on the day after he was arraigned on 34 felony counts.
So let's talk about what is important in this race.
It is important that we move forward, that we turn the page on this same old tired rhetoric and address the needs of the American people.
Address what we need to do about the housing shortage, which I have a plan for.
Address what we must do to support our small businesses.
Address bringing down the price of groceries.
But frankly, the American people are exhausted with this same old tired playbook.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
Excuse me.
Every one of those cases was started by them against their political opponent.
And I'm winning most of them, and I will win the rest on appeal.
And you saw that with the decision that came down just recently from the Supreme Court.
I'm winning most of them.
But those are cases, it's called weaponization.
Never happened in this country.
They weaponized the Justice Department.
Bring up the DOJ guy in New York admitting it's that.
DOJ from Atlanta and Farney Willis to the Attorney General of New York and the DA in New York.
Every one of those cases.
And then they say, oh, he's a criminal.
They're the ones that made them go after me.
By the way, Joe Biden was found essentially guilty on the documents case.
And what happened in my documents case?
They said, oh, that's the toughest of them all.
A complete and total victory.
Two months ago, it was thrown out.
It's weaponization, and they used it, and it's never happened in this country.
They used it to try and win an election.
They're fake cases.
President Trump, thank you.
A really quick response here, Vice President Harris, on this notion of weaponization of the Justice Department.
Well, let's talk about extreme and understand the context in which this election in 2024 is taking place.
The United States Supreme Court recently ruled that the former president would essentially be immune They didn't say that.
Remember, they tried to kill him, folks.
the White House again.
Understand this is someone who has openly said he would terminate, I'm quoting, terminate
the Constitution of the United States.
That he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies.
Someone who has openly expressed disdain for members of our military.
Understand what it would mean if Donald Trump were back in the White House with no guardrails.
Because certainly we know now the court won't stop him.
We know J.D.
Vance is not going to stop him.
It's up to the American people.
Vice President Harris, in your last run for president.
This is the one that weaponized, not me.
She weaponized.
I probably took a bullet to the head because of the things that they say about me.
They talk about democracy.
I'm a threat to democracy.
They're the threat to democracy with a fake Russia, Russia, Russia investigation that went nowhere.
We have a lot to get to.
Vice President Harris, in your last run for president, you said you wanted to ban fracking.
Now you don't.
You wanted mandatory government buyback programs for assault weapons.
Now your campaign says you don't.
You supported decriminalizing border crossings.
Now you're taking a harder line.
I know you say that your values have not changed.
So then why have so many of your policy positions changed?
So my values have not changed and I'm going to discuss every one of the, at least every point that you've made.
But in particular, let's talk about fracking because we're here in Pennsylvania.
I made that very clear in 2020.
I will not ban fracking.
I have not banned fracking as Vice President of the United States.
And in fact, I was the tie-breaking vote on the Inflation Reduction Act.
Day one, they shut down the Keystone Pipeline.
By the way, three times on the campaign trail that I've seen from archives.
Three times she said she would ban fracking.
That's fine, we'll get the videos, but see, most of the American people won't see those videos.
That's the problem.
He had the highest, and then they killed it!
We were number one with number three!
How are the strategic oil reserves, by the way?
Wow, this is a whopper of a lie.
Let's let her talk.
raised by a hard-working mother who worked and saved and was able to buy our first home
when I was a teenager.
The values I bring to the importance of home ownership, knowing not everybody, got handed
$400 million on a silver platter.
No, the illegal aliens get handed that.
Is this in India or Canada?
It's a value that I bring to my work to say we are going to work with the private sector and home builders to increase 3 million homes by the end of my first term.
My work That is related to having a friend when I was in high school who was sexually assaulted by her stepfather.
My focus then on protecting women and children from violent crime is based on a value that is deeply grounded in the importance of standing up for those who are most vulnerable.
My work that is about protecting Social Security and Medicare is based on long-standing work that I have done protecting seniors from scams.
My values have not changed.
And what is important is that there is a president who actually brings values and a perspective that is about lifting people up and not beating people down.
With the Deep State?
With the DOJ?
The true measure of the leader.
Is the leader who actually understands the strength is not in beating people down, it's in lifting people up.
I intend to be that president.
President Trump, your response?
Well, first of all, I wasn't given $400 million.
I wish I was.
My father was a Brooklyn builder, Brooklyn Queens, and a great father, and I learned a lot from him.
But I was given a fraction of that, a tiny fraction, and I built it into many, many billions of dollars.
Many, many billions.
And when people see it, they are even surprised.
So we don't have to talk about that.
Fracking?
She's been against it for 12 years.
Defund the police?
She's been against that forever.
She gave all that stuff up.
Very wrongly, very horribly, and everybody's laughing at it, okay?
They're all laughing at it.
She gave up at least 12 and probably 14 or 15 different policies.
Like, she was big on defund the police.
In Minnesota, she went out.
Wait a minute, I'm talking now.
If you don't mind, please.
Does that sound familiar?
She went out.
She went out in Minnesota and wanted to let criminals that killed people, that burned down Minneapolis, she went out and raised money to get them out of jail.
And Walls stood down.
She did things that nobody would ever think of.
And his wife said she loved it.
Now she wants to do transgender operations on illegal aliens that are in prison.
This is a radical left liberal that would do this.
She wants to confiscate your guns and she will never allow fracking in Pennsylvania.
If she won the election, fracking in Pennsylvania will end on day one.
Just to finish, one thing, so important in my opinion.
So, I got the oil business going like nobody has ever done before.
They took, when they took over, they got rid of it, started getting rid of it, and the prices were going up the roof.
That's right, she took credit for him.
They immediately let these guys go to where they were.
I would have been five times, four times, five times higher because you're talking about three and a half years ago.
They got it up to where I was because they had no choice because the prices of energy were quadrupling and doubling.
You saw what happened to gasoline.
So they said, let's go back to Trump.
But if she won the election the day after that election, They'll go back to destroying our country and oil will be dead, fossil fuel will be dead, we'll go back to windmills and we'll go back to solar.
Talk about the 75% capital gains, talk about the price controls.
You want to kill the economy, that's how you do it, they know it.
400, 500 acres of desert soil.
President Trump, we have a lot of issues that we have to get to.
We're out of time.
Thank you.
Lindsey, thank you.
We have an election in just 56 days.
And I want to talk about the peaceful transfer of power, which, of course, we all know is a cornerstone of our democracy and the role of a president in a moment of crisis.
Mr. President, on January 6th, you told your supporters to march to the Capitol.
You said you would be right there with them.
The country and the world saw it played out at the Capitol that day.
We had an area set up.
I set it up.
This is way more unfair than the CNN.
They were pretty much fair.
They wanted to get rid of Biden.
You think they'll bring up the Minnesota bail fund that Kamala Harris helped promote?
What you did on that day.
A thing that isn't covered peacefully and patriotically, I said during my speech, not later on.
Peacefully and patriotically.
And nobody on the other side was killed.
Ashley Babbitt was shot by an out-of-control police officer that should have never, ever shot her.
He had a stage set up by the Supreme Court.
But we didn't do this group of people... Trump's always peaceful.
...that have been treated so badly.
I ask, what about all the people that are pouring into our country and killing people that she allowed to pour in?
She was the Bordezar, remember that.
She was the Bordezar.
She doesn't want to be called the Bordezar because she's embarrassed by the border.
In fact, she said at the beginning, oh, I'm surprised you're not talking about the border yet.
That's because she knows what a bad job they've done.
Bring up the human trafficking.
What about those people?
Deal the death blow, Trump, the missing children.
When are these people from countries all over the world All over the world, not just South America.
They're coming in from all over the world, David.
All over the world.
And crime rates are down all over the world because of it.
But let me just ask you- He's definitely got somebody texting her messages.
When are those people going to be prosecuted?
When are the people that burned down Minneapolis going to be prosecuted?
Or in Seattle?
They went into Seattle, they took over a big percentage of the city of Seattle.
When are those people going to be prosecuted?
But let me just ask you.
You might ask her that question.
You were the president.
You were watching it unfold on television.
It's a very simple question as we move forward.
And he went on Twitter and said, don't do it.
Get out of the Capitol.
A minority did it.
And they took it down off Twitter.
I had nothing to do with that other than they asked me to make a speech.
I showed up for a speech.
I said, I think it's going to be big.
I went to Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington, D.C., and the mayor put it back in writing, as you know.
I said, you know, this is going to be a very big rally or whatever you want to call it.
And again, it wasn't done by me.
It was done by others.
I said, I'd like to give you 10,000 National Guard or soldiers.
They rejected me.
Nancy Pelosi rejected me.
It was just two weeks ago.
Her daughter has a tape of her saying she is fully responsible for what happened.
They want to get rid of that tape.
It would have never happened if Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington did their jobs.
I wasn't responsible for security.
Nancy Pelosi was responsible.
She didn't do her job.
The question was about you as president, not about former Speaker Pelosi.
But I do want Vice President Harris to respond here.
I was at the Capitol on January 6th.
I was the vice president-elect.
I was also an acting senator.
So did AOC, she almost got murdered, she wasn't even in the building.
And on that day, the President of the United States incited a violent mob to attack our nation's capital.
No, a million people showed up, a few hundred thousand went to hear his other speech,
and a few hundred radicals that they'd hired and brought in with the feds broke through.
As the police attacked a peaceful crowd, they started fighting, a few thousand started fighting,
and the police opened the doors and let them in to set them up,
and they called it worse than Pearl Harbor at 9-11.
You're full of crap!
It was a fedsurrection!
Ramps!
But this is not an isolated situation.
I was there!
Let's remember Charlottesville.
I stopped thousands from going in.
Owen tried to stop them.
He was put in prison for four months for it.
You lying bitch!
You lying globalist, New World Order piece of filth!
And what did the president then at the time say?
There were fine people on each side.
That's been debunked!
Even Snow says that's not true.
This is the turning point of this debate right here.
This is the turning point.
For who?
For Trump, mostly.
He's been in Biden debate mode until this point.
Now he realizes, okay, this is not a fair debate.
Everyone's hostile against me.
It's rigged against me.
I'm going on the attack.
Good, he better.
Attack Trump!
Turn the page!
You were just in power four years.
I'm going to stop talking.
In our campaign for you, to stand for country, to stand for our democracy, to stand for rule of law, and to end the chaos, and to end the approach that is about attacking the foundations of our democracy because you don't like the outcome.
And be clear, on that point, Donald Trump, the candidate, has said in this election there will be a bloodbath.
If this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking- On cars!
On the car business if they ship it to Mexico.
God, nothing but lies.
This is desperate.
It's all debunked.
Let me just follow up here.
It was a different term, and it was a term that related to energy, because they have destroyed our energy business.
That was where Bloodbath was.
Also, on Charlottesville, that story has been, as you would say, debunked.
Laura Ingraham, Sean Hannity, Jesse, all of these people, they covered it.
If they go an extra sentence, they will see it was perfect.
It was debunked in almost every newspaper, but they still bring it up, just like they bring 2025 up.
They bring all of this stuff up.
I ask you this, you talk about the Capitol.
Why are we allowing these millions of people to come through on the southern border?
How come she's not doing anything?
And I'll tell you what I would do, and I would be very proud to do it.
I would say we would both leave this debate right now.
I'd like to see her go down.
To Washington D.C.
during this debate, because we're wasting a lot of time.
Go down to, because she's been so bad, it's so ridiculous.
Go down to Washington D.C.
and let her sign a bill to close up the border.
Because they have the right to do it.
They don't need bills.
They have the right to do it.
The President of the United States, you'll get him out of bed, you'll wake him up at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, you'll say, come on, come on down to the office, let's sign a bill.
If he signs a bill that the border is closed, all he has to do is say it to the border patrol, who are phenomenal.
If they do that, the border is closed.
Those people are killing many people, unlike J6.
We talked immigration here tonight.
I do want to focus on this next issue to both of you, because it really brings us this into focus.
Truth in these times that we're living in.
Mr. President, for three and a half years after you lost the 2020 election, you repeatedly... We're now at the halfway point of the debate.
We started about eight minutes in.
...saying you won in a landslide.
In the past couple of weeks leading up to this debate, you have said, quote, you lost by a whisker, that you, quote, didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short.
I said that?
Out of context.
Are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020?
No, I don't acknowledge it at all.
But you did say that.
I said that sarcastically, you know that.
We said, oh, we lost by a whisker.
That was said sarcastically.
There's so much proof.
All you have to do is look at it.
And they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval.
I got almost 75 million votes, the most votes any sitting president has ever gotten.
I was told if I got 63, which was what I got in 2016, you can't be beaten.
The election, people should never be thinking about an election as fraudulent.
We need two things.
We need walls, we need, and we have to have it.
We have to have borders, and we have to have good elections.
Our elections are bad.
And a lot of these illegal immigrants coming in, they're trying to get them to vote.
They can't even speak English, they don't even know what country they're in practically, and these people are trying to get them to vote.
And that's why they're allowing them to come into our country.
I did watch all of these pieces of video.
I didn't detect the sarcasm.
Lost by a whisker.
We didn't quite make it.
And we should just point out here as clarification, and you know this, you and your allies, 60 cases in front of many judges.
No judge looked at it.
They said they never looked at the evidence.
That's the other thing.
They said we didn't have standing, a technicality.
Can you imagine a system where a person in an election doesn't have standing?
The President of the United States doesn't have standing.
That's how we lost.
If you look at the facts, and I'd love to have you do a special on it, I'll show you Georgia, and I'll show you Wisconsin, and I'll show you Pennsylvania, and I'll show you... We have so many facts and statistics, but you know what?
He lost only like 10,000 in those days.
They closed the polls, got the extra votes to just get across.
And the problem that we have right now is we have a nation in decline, and they have put it into decline.
We have a nation that is dying, David.
Mr. President, thank you.
Vice President Harris, you heard the president there tonight.
He said he didn't say that, that he lost by a whisker.
So he still believes he did not lose the election that was won by President Biden and yourself.
Could you say so?
But I do want to ask you about something that's come up in the last couple of days.
This is a post from President Trump about this upcoming election just weeks ago.
He said, when I win, those people who cheated, and then he lists donors, voters, election officials, he says will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences.
One of your campaign's top lawyers responded saying, we won't let Donald Trump intimidate us, we won't let him suppress the vote.
Is that what you believe he's trying to do?
They've been convicting people everywhere of 2020 fraud.
Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people.
So let's be clear about that.
And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that.
No, you tried to kill him because you know the truth.
We cannot afford to have a President of the United States- We're going to beat this witch.
Who attempts, as he did in the past, to upend the will of the voters in a free and fair election.
And I'm going to tell you that I have traveled the world as Vice President of the United States, and world leaders are laughing at Donald Trump.
I have talked with military leaders, some of whom worked with you, and they say you're a disgrace.
And when you then talk in this way in a presidential debate and deny what over and over again are court cases you have lost.
Nope, they never looked at it.
Now the courts are, they're pulling the illegals off the voting rolls.
And actually they won in Georgia.
Michigan too.
Like 10,000 votes?
We do not have in the candidates to my right the temperament or the ability to not be confused.
Well they won the 5-7, I mean they won the court case in Georgia.
That's deeply troubling and the American people deserve better.
I'll give you one minute to respond, Mr. President.
Let me just say about world leaders.
Viktor Orban, one of the most respected men.
They call him a strong man.
He's a tough person.
Smart.
Prime Minister of Hungary.
They said, why is the whole world blowing up?
Three years ago it wasn't.
Why is it blowing up?
He said, because you need Trump back as president.
They were afraid of him.
China was afraid, and I don't like to use the word afraid, but I'm just quoting him.
China was afraid of him.
North Korea was afraid of him.
Look at what's going on with North Korea, by the way.
He said Russia was afraid of him.
I ended the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and Biden put it back on day one, but he ended the XL pipeline.
The XL pipeline in our country, he ended that.
But he let the Russians build a pipeline going all over Europe and heading into Germany.
The biggest pipeline in the world.
Look.
Victor Orban said it.
He said the most respected, most feared person is Donald Trump.
We had no problems when Trump was president.
But when this weak, pathetic man that you saw at a debate just a few months ago, that if he weren't in that debate, he'd be running instead of her.
She got no votes.
He got 14 million votes.
What you did, you talk about a threat to democracy.
He got 14 million votes and they threw him out of office.
Yes.
And you know what?
I'll give you a little secret.
He hates her.
He can't stand her.
But he got 14 million votes.
They threw him out.
She got zero votes.
And when she ran, she was the first one to leave because she failed.
Less than two percent.
And now she's running.
I don't understand it, but I'm okay with it because I think we're going to do very well.
We've got a lot more to get to.
Turning now to the Israel-Hamas war and the hostages who are still being held, Americans among them.
Vice President Harris, in December you said, quote, Israel has a right to defend itself, but you added, quote, it matters how, saying international humanitarian law must be respected, Israel must do more to protect innocent civilians.
You said that nine months ago.
Now an estimated 40,000 Palestinians are dead.
Nearly 100 hostages remain.
Just last week, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said there's not a deal in the making.
President Biden has not been able to break through the stalemate.
How would you do it?
Well, let's understand how we got here.
On October 7, Hamas, a terrorist organization, funded by Hezbollah that you gave millions two months before, Many of them young people who are simply attending a concert.
Women were horribly raped.
And so absolutely, I said then, I say now.
What about the American women that get raped by the illegal immigrants you brought in?
And how it does so matters.
Because it is also true, far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed.
Children, mothers.
What we know is that this war must end.
It must end immediately.
And the way it will end is we need a ceasefire deal and we need the hostages out.
And so we will continue to work around the clock on that.
Work around the clock, also understanding that we must chart a course for a two-state solution.
And in that solution, there must be security for the Israeli people and Israel, and an equal measure for the Palestinians.
But the one thing I will assure you always, I will always give Israel the ability to defend itself, in particular as it relates to Iran, and any threat that Iran and its proxies pose to Israel.
But we must have a two-state solution where we can rebuild Gaza, where the Palestinians have security, self-determination, and the dignity they so rightly deserve.
President Trump, how would you negotiate with Netanyahu and also Hamas in order to get the hostages out and prevent the killing of more innocent civilians in Gaza?
If I were president, it would have never started.
If I were president, Russia would have never, ever, I know Putin very well, it would have never, and there was no threat of it either, by the way, for four years, have gone into Ukraine and killed millions of people.
Trump got to Abraham, of course.
Far worse than people understand what's going on over there.
But when she mentions about Israel, all of a sudden, she hates Israel.
She wouldn't even meet with Netanyahu when he went to Congress to make a very important speech.
She refused to be there because she was at a sorority party of hers.
She wanted to go to the sorority party.
She hates Israel.
If she's president, I believe that Israel will not exist within two years from now.
And I've been pretty good at predictions, and I hope I'm wrong about that one.
She hates Israel.
At the same time, in her own way, she hates the Arab population because the whole place is going to get blown up.
Arabs, Jewish people, Israel.
Israel will be gone.
It would have never happened.
Iran was broke under Donald Trump.
Now Iran has $300 billion because they took off all the sanctions that I had.
Iran had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah or any of the 28 different spheres of terror.
And they are spheres of terror, horrible terror.
They had no money.
It was a big story, and you know it.
You covered it very well, actually.
They had no money for terror.
They were broke.
Now they're a rich nation, and now what they're doing is they're spreading that money around.
Look at what's happening with the Houthis and Yemen.
Look at what's going on in the Middle East.
This would have never happened.
I will get that settled.
I'll get the war with Ukraine and Russia ended.
If I'm president-elect, I'll get it done before even becoming president.
Vice President Harris, he says you hate Israel.
That's absolutely not true.
I have my entire career and life supported Israel and the Israeli people.
He knows that.
He's trying to, again, divide and distract from the reality, which is it is very well known that Donald Trump is weak and wrong on national security and foreign policy.
It is well known that he admires dictators.
She's flailing now.
She's going to the fake accents.
She's done.
She's cooked now.
Yeah, they went three hours.
He said of Putin that he can do whatever the hell he wants and go into Ukraine.
It is well known that he said when Russia went into Ukraine it was brilliant.
She's flailing now.
She's going to the fake accents and she's done.
She's cooked now.
Yeah, they went three hours.
She couldn't do it.
And it is absolutely well known that these dictators.
It was neutral.
Because the moderators are what's been doing it.
It was neutral until the J6 stuff, and then Trump realized, okay, this is not the Biden debate.
He needs to do like she does, just cover his issues, not their stupid questions.
So many military leaders who you have worked with have told me you are a disgrace.
We understand that we have to have a president who is not consistently weak and wrong on national security, including the importance of upholding and respecting in highest regard our military.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
And she's the one that caused it.
That's weak on national security by allowing every nation last month, for the year, 168 different countries sending people into our country.
Their crime rates are way down.
Putin endorsed her last week, said, I hope she wins.
And I think he meant it.
Because what he's gotten away with is absolutely incredible.
It wouldn't have happened with me.
The leaders of other countries think that they're weak and incompetent, and they are.
They're grossly incompetent.
And I just ask one question.
Why does Biden go in and kill the Keystone Pipeline and approve the single biggest deal that Russia's ever made, Nord Stream 2, the biggest pipeline anywhere in the world going to Germany and all over Europe?
Because they're weak and they're ineffective.
And Biden, by the way, gets paid a lot of money.
President Trump, thank you.
We have a lot of issues to get to.
We'll be right back with much more of this historic ABC News presidential debate from the National Constitution Center right here in Philadelphia.
All right.
I don't know if the guys are in the other studio.
They've been waiting over an hour.
But if you can get them in their chairs, I want them to be able to pop in and get a quick response.
But Owen, you've been chomping at the bit.
We've tried not to talk too much, but this is really hard to not do because the moderators, we can go back and look at this, have been 100% against Trump.
Well, I'm actually surprised.
I thought Lindsay Davis would be the anti-Trump moderator, but it's actually ended up being David Muir.
I did not expect that.
Oh, no, no, no.
He's on the Democrat Party payroll.
You didn't know that?
I mean, it's been wild how anti-Trump and biased he's been.
Overshot.
I'll show you articles about it.
Yeah.
But I'm sure Lindsay Davis was the one that probably set Kamala up with the questions and let her know where it was going to go.
Look, there's going to be a lot to cover in our post coverage.
We're going to be live all night and we hope the audience will stay with us.
You know, I would just say, generally speaking, where we're at now, I think that...
It was neutral.
The debate was neutral.
I don't think anybody really had an edge until the January 6th thing got brought up.
And that kind of put Trump over the edge himself.
And he said, OK, this isn't the Biden debate.
The strategy that I won the Biden debate with is not going to work here.
And he started getting a little more tenacious.
He started getting a little more out front on things.
And I think he's been winning it since that point.
I agree.
But let's explain before we go back to the other point.
That's because they wanted to get rid of Biden and replace her, so they actually were somewhat fair.
I'd say 55% for him.
They couldn't help themselves.
But they still didn't answer questions, didn't say, fact-checkers, no, you're wrong, like they're God up on some cloud.
And so they've been reinforcing her lies, giving her more time, giving her more comebacks.
This is really rigged.
Well, there haven't been any gotcha questions for Harris.
The only thing that they might say was gotcha, but it was actually a recovery question, was when Davis asked her, hey, you know, what's the deal with you changing policies?
That was a course correct question.
That wasn't a gotcha question.
That was, hey, here's your chance to course correct on this issue.
So that was even a rigged job.
Exactly.
Guys, put in the lower screen the debates.
When it comes back, we'll go to it.
Great points, Owen.
Chase, you want to comment?
Sure.
Well, I totally agree with What Owen just said.
I think at the very beginning of the debate it was neutral.
Obviously Kamala was very nervous.
That kind of seemed to go away as she realized that she had the assistance of the moderators.
And now we see Trump realizes that this is staged against him and he's fighting back and he's had some zingers that I think are on the same level as the only Rosie O'Donnell zingers from the past.
Very well said any other points you'd like to add.
Obviously when this is over in 30 minutes.
We are going to.
They're still running ads.
We are going to come back for hours and we've got all these experts.
Roger Stone so much.
We're coming on.
You guys all have time to speak.
I'm going to go about an hour because I've got to get up at five a.m.
tomorrow and I'm going to do going back tomorrow night.
I'm driving up and I'll be here tomorrow to the show.
I want to the show Thursday.
I'm doing going back a bunch of shows with the blaze in Dallas.
But while we're still watching this ad with, I guess, Elmo Chase, anything else you want to add?
Yeah, there were a couple of things, and not to be critical of Trump because I think he's doing a pretty good job, but there were a couple of things I think he could have nailed even harder.
When she was talking about the prosecution's persecutions against him, and he made the good point that it was the weaponization of the legal system against him, I think he could have doubled down and said, and Kamala Harris is somebody who's incredibly familiar with what it looks like to weaponize the legal system and talk.
About the single mothers that she imprisoned for their truant children.
About the slave labor that she had for people in California.
Hundreds if not thousands of people who were imprisoned beyond their sentence.
In order to work basically for free.
Well that's right.
He hasn't gone to the Tulsi Gabbard stuff he supposedly researched.
Right.
Now she's Mrs. Police State and totally flub flubbed.
And to the other super extreme.
And then he hasn't brought up the 325,000 missing children.
And the sex trafficking even the New York Times admits.
That's not good.
Well, and he had the opportunities, and look, the truth is, they admitted it, Trump didn't even do debate prep.
And so, you can knock him for not, and maybe this is where it's kind of showing that he didn't do it, and Kamala Harris probably did 100 hours of it, but that's fine.
But let's be honest, he's winning, he has the facts, they're putting their thumb on the scale, but she's doing better than I thought she would.
She was.
It was neutral until that point.
We'll see what happens.
I think she was starting to flail and kind of losing her accent.
She forgot what she's supposed to talk like, maybe going into a southern accent or something else.
But you know, Chase, I do agree.
And, you know, I was hoping what Trump would do, because you knew this was going to come up.
You knew the prosecution, you're a felon thing was going to come up.
I wish Trump would have taken a left turn and said, and not made it about him, because most people don't get that.
They don't know the deep state operations against him.
They just kind of see what's in the media.
I wish he would have taken a left turn and said, you know what?
I, like many innocent Americans, have been wrongfully convicted, wrongfully charged, and wrongfully imprisoned.
And, you know, that's the kind of message that resonates, I think, with a lot of not just black voters that the Democrats are losing, but just a lot of lower class voters that can't afford a good attorney and end up taking plea deals or whatever, end up in prison.
I met a lot of them.
And so I wish Trump would have kind of taken a left turn on that.
I think taking the approach of making about the persecution of him... Sure, here's a bigger question.
Well, there'll be another debate between the two.
And can you wait for the JD Vance tampon Tim debate?
I don't see another debate happening.
No.
All right, let's go back to Chase Geyser for final comment before they come back for break.
You know, it's interesting you mentioned your personal experience about seeing people who have been wrongfully convicted.
This is absolutely a situation in which I think everybody who's ever been a part of the judicial system on the defending side is obviously going to be in support of Trump on this.
I think that's why we see rappers come out, many people in minority communities.
Oh, there's no doubt it's backfired.
We're back.
Again, massive coverage is over in 30 minutes.
Stay with us.
And I want to ask you a very simple question tonight.
has been the position of the Biden administration that we must defend Ukraine from Russia,
from Vladimir Putin, to defend their sovereignty, their democracy, that it's in America's best interest
to do so, arguing that if Putin wins, he may be emboldened to move even further
into other countries.
You have said you would solve this war in 24 hours.
You said so just before the break tonight.
He didn't invade.
Putin didn't invade under Trump.
How exactly would you do that?
And I want to ask you a very simple question tonight.
Do you want Ukraine to win this war?
I want the war to stop.
I want to save lives that are being uselessly people being killed by the millions.
It's the millions.
It's so much worse than the numbers that you're getting, which are fake numbers.
Look.
We're in for 250 billion or more because they don't ask Europe, which is a much bigger beneficiary to getting this thing done than we are.
They're in for 150 billion dollars less because Biden and you don't have the courage to ask Europe like I did with NATO.
They paid billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars when I said Either you pay up or we're not going to protect you anymore.
So that's maybe one of the reasons they don't like me as much as they like weak people.
But you take a look at what's happening.
We're in for $250 to $275 billion.
They're into $100 to $150.
They should be forced to equalize.
With that being said, I want to get the war settled.
I know Zelensky very well and I know Putin very well.
I have a good relationship and they respect Your president, okay?
They respect me.
They don't respect Biden.
How would you respect him?
Why?
For what reason?
He hasn't even made a phone call in two years to Putin.
Hasn't spoken to anybody.
They don't even try and get it.
That is a war that's dying to be settled.
I will get it settled before I even become president.
If I win, when I'm president-elect, and what I'll do is I'll speak to one, I'll speak to the other, I'll get them together.
That war would have never happened.
And in fact, when I saw Putin after I left, Unfortunately left because our country has gone to hell.
But after I left, when I saw him building up soldiers, he did it after I left.
I said, oh, he must be negotiating.
It must be a good strong point of negotiation.
Well, it wasn't because Biden had no idea how to talk to him.
He had no idea how to stop it.
And now you have millions of people dead and it's only getting worse and it could lead to World War Three.
Don't kid yourself, David.
We're playing with World War III, and we have a president that we don't even know if he's—where is our president?
We don't even know if he's a president.
And just to clarify here— They threw him out of a campaign like a dog.
We don't even know.
Is he our president?
But we have a president— Mr. President— —that doesn't know he's alive.
Your time is up.
Just to clarify the question.
Do you believe it's in the U.S.
best interest for Ukraine to win this war, yes or no?
I think it's the U.S.
best interest to get this war finished and just get it done.
Negotiate a deal.
Because we have to stop all of these human lives from being destroyed.
I want to take this to Vice President Harris.
I want to get your thoughts on support for Ukraine in this moment.
But also, as Commander-in-Chief, if elected, how would you deal with Vladimir Putin?
And would it be any different from what we're seeing from President Biden?
Well, first of all, it's important to remind the former president you're not running against Joe Biden, you're running against me.
I believe the reason that Donald Trump says that this war would be over within 24 hours is because he would just give it up.
And that's not who we are as Americans.
Let's understand what happened here.
I actually met with Zelensky a few days before Russia invaded, tried through force to change territorial boundaries, to defy one of the most important international rules and norms, which is the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity.
And I met with President Zelensky.
I shared with him American intelligence about how he could defend himself.
Days later, I went to NATO's eastern flank, to Poland and Romania.
And through the work that I and others did, we brought 50 countries together to support Ukraine in its righteous defense.
And because of our support, because of the air defense, the ammunition, the artillery, the Javelins, the Abrams tanks that we have provided, Ukraine stands as an independent and free country.
If Donald Trump were president, Putin would be sitting in Kiev right now.
And understand what that would mean, because Putin's agenda is not just about Ukraine.
Understand why the European allies and our NATO allies are so thankful that you are no longer president, and that we understand the importance of the greatest military alliance the world has ever known, which is NATO.
And what we have done to preserve the ability of Zelensky and the Ukrainians to fight for their independence.
Otherwise, Putin would be sitting in Kiev with his eyes on the rest of Europe, starting with Poland.
And why don't you tell the 800,000 Polish-Americans right here in Pennsylvania how quickly you would give up for the sake of favor and what you think is a friendship with what is known to be a dictator who would eat you for lunch.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
We've heard from both of you on Ukraine tonight.
Afghanistan came up in the last hour.
I wanted her to respond to something you said earlier.
Please, I'll give you a minute here.
Putin would be sitting in Moscow, and he wouldn't have lost 300,000 men and women, but he would have been sitting in Moscow.
Quiet, please.
He would have been sitting in Moscow much happier than he is right now.
But eventually, you know, he's got a thing that other people don't have.
He's got nuclear weapons.
They don't ever talk about that.
He's got nuclear weapons.
Nobody ever thinks about that.
And eventually, maybe he'll use them, and maybe he hasn't been that threatening.
But he does have that.
Something we don't even like to talk about.
Nobody likes to talk about it.
But just so you understand, they sent her to negotiate peace before this war started.
Three days later, he went in and he started the war.
Because everything they said was weak and stupid.
They said the wrong things.
That war should have never started.
She was the emissary.
They sent her in to negotiate with Zelensky and Putin.
And she did.
And the war started three days later.
And that's the kind of talent we have with her.
She's worse than Biden, in my opinion.
I think he's the worst president in the history of our country.
She goes down as the worst vice president in the history of our country.
But let me tell you something.
She is a horrible negotiator.
They sent her in to negotiate.
As soon as they left, Putin did the invasion.
President Trump, thank you.
You did bring up something.
You said she went to negotiate with Vladimir Putin.
Vice President Harris, have you ever met Vladimir Putin?
Can you clarify tonight?
Yet again, I said it at the beginning of this debate.
You're going to hear a bunch of lies coming from this fellow.
And that is another one.
When I went to meet with President Zelensky, I've now met with him over five times.
The reality is it has been about standing as America always should, as a leader upholding international rules and norms, as a leader who shows strength understanding that the alliances we have around the world are dependent on our ability to look out for our friends and not favor our enemies because you adore strongmen instead of caring
about democracy.
And that is very much what is at stake here.
The President of the United States is Commander in Chief, and the American people have a right
to rely on a president who understands the significance of America's role and responsibility
in terms of ensuring that there is stability and ensuring we stand up for our principles
and not sell them for the benefit of personal flattery.
We've talked about Ukraine and Vladimir Putin.
I do want to talk about Afghanistan.
It came up in the first hour of this debate.
I want to move on to Afghanistan.
Trump did the most amazing thing I've ever seen.
He got these countries, the 28 countries at the time, to pay up.
He said, I've never seen.
He's the head of NATO.
He said, I've never seen.
For years, we were paying almost all of NATO.
We were being ripped off by European nations, both on trade and on NATO.
I got them to pay up by saying one of the statements you made before, if you don't pay, we're not going to protect you.
Otherwise, we would have This is over in about 18 minutes.
We'll have live breakdowns, highlights, the clips.
I want to turn to Afghanistan.
You came up in the first hour of the debate.
Oh Trump, you gave me 85 million, hit him!
Honoring the soldiers who died in the chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan.
I do want to ask the Vice President, do you believe you bear any responsibility in the way that withdrawal played out?
Well, I will tell you, I agreed with President Biden's decision to pull out of Afghanistan.
Four presidents said they would, and Joe Biden did.
They bragged that she was in the Situation Room and made the decision.
And as a result, America's taxpayers are not paying the $300 million a day we were paying for that endless war.
But she gave $85 million to him and more.
And as of today, there is not one member of the United States military who is in active duty in a combat zone in any war zone around the world the first time this century.
But let's understand how we got to where we are.
Donald Trump, when he was president, negotiated one of the weakest deals you can imagine.
He calls himself a dealmaker.
Even his national security advisor said it was a weak, terrible deal.
And here's how it went down.
He bypassed the Afghan government.
He negotiated directly with a terrorist organization called the Taliban.
The negotiation involved the Taliban getting 5,000 terrorists, Taliban terrorists, released.
And get this, no get this, and the president at the time invited the Taliban to Camp David, a place of storied significance for us as Americans, a place where we honor the importance of American diplomacy, where we invite and receive respected world leaders and this Former President, as President, invited them to Camp David because he does not again appreciate the role and responsibility of the President of the United States to be Commander-in-Chief with a level of respect.
And this gets back to the point of how he has consistently disparaged and demeaned members of our military, fallen soldiers, and the work that we must do to uphold the strength and the respect of the United States.
She's destroying America, our borders itself.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
President Trump, your response to her saying that you began the negotiations with the Taliban.
So, if you take a look at that period of time, the Taliban was killing our soldiers, a lot of them, with
snipers.
And I got involved with the Taliban because the Taliban was doing the killing.
By the way, I talked to the congressman who was in the room.
He's on record.
Trump showed the Taliban leader his house and said, if you kill one more soldier, you're dead.
And Abdul is the head of the Taliban.
He is still the head of the Taliban.
And I told Abdul, don't do it anymore.
You do it anymore, you're gonna have problems.
And he said, why do you send me a picture of my house?
I said, you're gonna have to figure that out, Abdul.
And for 18 months, we had nobody killed.
We did have an agreement negotiated by Mike Pompeo.
It was a very good agreement.
The reason it was good, it was we were getting out.
We would have been out faster than them, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers.
We wouldn't have left many Americans behind, and we wouldn't have left, we wouldn't have left $85 billion worth of brand new beautiful military equipment behind.
And just to finish, they blew it.
The agreement said you have to do this, this, this, this, this, and they didn't do it.
You called it, Owen.
He was winning barely before.
He's dominating now.
You called it!
I was a little worried.
That's right, we're kind of good at our jobs here.
He took the gloves off.
These people did the worst withdrawal and, in my opinion, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.
And by the way, that's why Russia attacked Ukraine.
Because they saw how incompetent she and her boss are.
Bingo!
President Trump, thank you.
Slam dunk.
Michael Jordan moment.
Storing three pointer.
That's what black folks think.
I don't and I don't care.
I don't care what she is.
President Harris quote, I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago
when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. I want to
ask a bigger picture question for tonight. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in
on the racial identity of your opponent? I don't and I don't care. I don't care
what she is. I don't care. You make a big deal out of something I
I couldn't care less.
Whatever she wants to be is okay with me.
But those were your words, so I'm asking- I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, all I can say is I read where she was not black.
The first- That she put out.
And in Senator female.
I'll say that.
And then I read that she was black, and that's okay.
Either one was okay with me.
That's up to her.
That's up to her.
Vice President Harris, your thoughts on this?
I think it's a tragedy that we have someone who wants to be president who has attempted to use race to divide the American people.
She almost went into black voice.
That's all they do!
I'm from Georgia!
This kind of approach that is just constantly trying to divide us, and especially by race.
All the left does is to buy race.
That's how Donald Trump started.
He was a land, he owned land, he owned buildings, and he was investigated because he refused to rent property.
He's the first guy to let black people on all the golf courses.
He bought them and gave them loans.
Who took out a full page ad in the New York Times.
Calling for the execution of five young black and Latino boys who were innocent, the Central Park Five, took out a full-page ad calling for their execution.
This is the same individual who spread birther lies about the first black president of the United States.
Oh, this is great.
And I think the American people want better than that.
Want better than this.
Want someone who understands, as I do, I travel our country.
Well, ask her, are you Indian or are you black?
We see in each other a friend.
You know, he's the only president whose ancestors never owned slaves.
We don't want a leader who is constantly trying to have Americans point their fingers at each other.
That's all they do!
I meet with people all the time who tell me Can we please just have discourse about how we're going to invest in the aspirations and the ambitions and the dreams of the American people?
Knowing that regardless of people's color or the language their grandmother speaks, we all have the same dreams and aspirations and want a president who invests in those, not in hate and division.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
Lindsey?
President Trump, this is now your third time This is the most divisive presidency in the history of our country.
There's never been anything like it.
They're destroying our country, and they come up with things like what she just said.
Going back many, many years, when a lot of people, including Mayor Bloomberg, agreed with me on the Central Park Five, they admitted, they said, they pled guilty.
And I said, well, if they pled guilty, they'd badly hurt a person, killed a person, ultimately.
And if they pled guilty, then they pled, we're not guilty.
But this is a person that has to stretch back years, 40, 50 years ago, because there's nothing now.
I built one of the greatest economies in the history of the world, and I'm going to build it again.
It's going to be bigger, better, and stronger.
But they're destroying our economy.
They have no idea what a good economy is.
Their oil policies, every single policy.
And remember this.
She is Biden.
You know, she's trying to get away from Biden.
I don't know the gentleman, she says.
She is Biden.
The worst inflation we've ever had.
A horrible economy because inflation has made it so bad.
And she can't get away with that.
Thank you.
Your time is up.
I want to respond to that, though.
I want to just respond briefly.
Clearly, I am not Joe Biden.
And I am certainly not Donald Trump.
And what I do offer is a new generation of leadership for our country.
One who believes in what is possible and who brings a sense of optimism about what we can do instead of always disparaging the American people.
I believe in what we do to strengthen our small businesses, which is why I have a plan.
Let's talk about our plans and let's compare the plans.
I have a plan to give startup businesses $50,000.
Tax deduction to pursue their ambitions, their innovation, their ideas, their hard work.
I have a plan.
$6,000 for young families for the first year of your child's life to help you in that most critical stage of your child's development.
I have a plan that is about allowing people to be able to pursue What has been fleeting in terms of the American dream by
offering a help with down payment of $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home
buyers.
That's the kind of conversation I believe David that people really want tonight as opposed
to a conversation that is constantly about belittling and name calling.
Let's turn the page.
Vice President Harris, turn the page!
We have to move on.
President Trump.
Let's turn to policy, please.
To defund the police.
She has a plan to confiscate everybody's gun.
President Trump, we do have to move on to other issues.
She has a plan to not allow fracking in Pennsylvania or anywhere else.
That's what her plan is until just recently.
Human trafficking.
President Trump, this is now your third time running for president.
You have long vowed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
You have failed to accomplish that.
You now say you're going to keep Obamacare, quote, unless we can do something much better.
Last month, you said, quote, we're working on it.
So tonight, nine years after you first started running, do you have a plan and can you tell us what it is?
Obamacare was lousy healthcare.
Always was.
It's not very good today.
And what I said, that if we come up with something, and we are working on things, we're gonna do it and we're gonna replace it.
But, remember this, I inherited Obamacare because Democrats wouldn't change it.
They wouldn't vote for it.
Massively increased prices.
They wouldn't vote to change it.
If they would have done that, we would have had a much better plan than Obamacare.
But the Democrats came up, they wouldn't vote for it.
I had a choice to make when I was president.
Do I save it and make it as good as it can be, never gonna be great, or do I let it rot?
And I felt I had an obligation, even though politically- He sure fixed the VA, now it's falling apart again.
Let it rot and let it go away.
Over 20% support for the veterans to over 90.
I decided, and I told my people, the top people, and they're very good people.
I have a lot of good people in this Senate administration.
go to private stuff. We read about the bad ones.
We had some real bad ones too.
They did a great job on some of the best.
They have really bad ones.
The difference is they don't get rid of them.
But let me just... I had a choice to make.
Do I save it and make it as good as it can be or do I let it rot?
And I saved it.
I did the right thing.
But it's still never going to be great and it's too expensive for people.
And what we will do is we're looking at different plans.
If we can come up with a plan that's going to cost Our people, our population, less money and better healthcare than Obamacare, then I would absolutely do it.
But until then, I'd run it as good as it can be run.
So, just a yes or no, you still do not have a plan?
I have concepts of a plan.
I'm not president right now, but if We come up with something.
I would only change it if we come up with something that's better and less expensive.
And there are concepts and options we have to do that.
And you'll be hearing about it in the not-too-distant future.
Vice President Harris, in 2017, you supported Bernie Sanders' proposal to do away with private insurance and create a government-run healthcare system.
Two years later, you proposed a plan that included a private insurance option.
What is your plan today?
Well, first of all, I absolutely support, and over the last four years as vice president, private health care options.
But what we need to do is maintain and grow the Affordable Care Act.
But I'll get to that, Lindsey.
I just need to respond to a previous point that the former president has made.
I've made very clear my position on fracking.
And then this business about taking everyone's guns away.
Tim Walz and I are both gun owners.
We're not taking anybody's guns away.
So stop with the continuous lying about this stuff.
As it relates to the Affordable Care Act.
Wow.
We got her right there.
Have her say, we're going to take the guns and hell yes, I'm going to ban fragging.
She's literally said to ban assault weapons and Walls has campaigned and said multiple times, we're going to take away the weapons that I carried in war.
He never even went to war.
That's a campaign ad.
If Trump doesn't make it, make it tonight or make it tomorrow morning, guys.
That was the policy of the Democrats.
over and over again and then have her say we got to take all the semi-autos.
We got her ass.
Back during the presidential debates, she said hell yes I'll take your AR-15, remember?
That was the policy of the Democrats.
They just did it again after the recent shooting.
floor and said no you don't, no you don't, no you don't get rid of the Affordable
Care Act you have no plan. No you don't. And what the Affordable Care Act has done is
eliminate the ability of insurance companies to deny people with
pre-existing conditions. I don't have to tell the people watching tonight you
remember what that was like? The insurance companies wrote Obamacare.
This is a clown conversation right here.
If a child had asthma, if someone was a breast cancer survivor, if a grandparent had diabetes.
Remember, you couldn't even have heart surgery if you lost half a dollar a minute.
I mean, you want to talk about giving the medical institutions to Big Pharma, you couldn't get surgery if you didn't take the vaccine.
Donald Trump said he was going to allow Medicare to negotiate Wow.
drug prices? He never did. We did. And now we have capped the cost of insulin at $35
a month. Since I've been vice president, we have capped the cost of prescription medication
for seniors at $2,000 a year. And when I am president, we will do that for all people,
understanding that the value I bring to this is that access to health care should be a
right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it.
And the plan has to be to strengthen the Affordable Care Act, not get rid of it, pass this prologue in terms of where Donald Trump stands on that.
You're giving him more time, too.
She made a mistake.
Number one, John McCain fought Obamacare for 10 years.
But it wasn't only him.
It were all of the Democrats that kept it going.
And you know what?
We can do much better than Obamacare.
Much less money.
But she won't improve private insurance for people.
Private medical insurance.
That's another thing she doesn't want to get.
People are paying privately for insurance that have worked hard and made money and they want to have private.
She wants everybody to earn government insurance where you wait and let troops go and they get denied a visit in a month.
They get to go to a private place.
Equality.
Oh my God.
Climate change.
to get to that's important for a number of Americans, in particular younger voters, and
that's climate change.
Oh my God.
President Trump, with regard to the environment, you say that we have to have clean air and
clean water.
Vice President Harris, you call climate change an existential threat.
The question to you both tonight is what would you do to fight climate change?
And Vice President Harris, we'll start with Brad.
So she's got to say ban fracking.
One minute for you each.
Well, the former president had said that climate change is a hoax.
And...
And what we know is that it is very real.
You ask anyone who lives in a state who has experienced these extreme weather occurrences, which now is either being denied home insurance or it's being jacked up, you ask anybody who has been The victim of what that means in terms of losing their home, having nowhere to go.
She says all the open borders is climate change.
Weather-related disasters and deaths are down, actually, thanks to technology and science.
We have invested a trillion dollars in a clean energy economy while we have also increased domestic gas production to historic levels.
We have created over 800,000 new manufacturing jobs while I have been vice president.
We have invested in clean energy to the point that we are opening up factories around the world.
Donald Trump said he was going to create manufacturing jobs.
He lost manufacturing jobs.
And I'm also proud to have the endorsement of the United Auto Workers and Sean Fain, who also know that part of building a clean energy economy includes investing in American-made products, American automobiles, it includes Growing what we can do around American manufacturing and opening up auto plants, not closing them like happened under Donald Trump.
Vice President Harris, thank you.
That didn't happen under Donald Trump.
Let me just tell you, they lost 10,000 manufacturing jobs this last month.
It's going, they're all leaving.
They're building big auto plants in Mexico, in many cases owned by China.
They're building these massive plants and they think they're going to sell their cars into the United States because of these people.
What they have given to China is unbelievable.
But we're not going to let that.
We'll put tariffs on those cars so they can't come into our country because they will kill the United Auto Workers and any auto worker, whether it's in Detroit or South Carolina or any other place.
What they've done to business and manufacturing in this country is horrible.
We have nothing because they refuse.
You know, Biden doesn't go after people because supposedly China paid him millions of dollars.
He's afraid to do it between him and his son.
They get all this money from Ukraine.
They get all this money from all of these different countries.
And then you wonder why is he so loyal to this one, that one, Ukraine, China?
Why is he?
Why did he get three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife?
Why did he get, why did she pay him three and a half million dollars?
This is a crooked administration, and they're selling our country down the tubes.
President Trump, thank you.
Thank you.
We'll be right back with closing statements from both of our candidates.
It was an historic night, this ABC News presidential debate from Philadelphia.
It was good he got that in.
Yeah, I mean, he was winning and in the lead in just presentation that matters to some of the undecided.
For people that are political hawks, you know, they're lying.
The moderators, particularly the dude, were putting their thumb on the scale, their ass on the scale.
That was really obvious.
about a little more than halfway in you you said no now he's taking the gloves off he's actually trying to answer the questions he noticed that she was on a script and using the questions to go into other subjects so he started bringing in all the real issues he hasn't brought up the human trafficking uh he hasn't brought up some of the other big cases where he could really get her that's also super important And point out that you know, you've been in power three and a half years that was done once, but overall, he went from beating her by like, you know, I'd say 60% to 40 to like 70 30.
I have to say she normally looks completely drunk or like she's on meth tonight.
She looks ghostly, but probably been trained for.
I mean, they admit just months, probably before they even replaced Biden.
And so she knew the questions beforehand that's come out with the Democrats before they do
that.
And so she's heavily scripted and very, very condescending comes off as witch like, but
she did better than I thought she would.
I'm just going to be honest with you.
But you know, Trump is being very, very focused and overall doing an excellent job.
So Trump has won the debate.
We'll see final comments.
God, I hope he talks about 325,000 missing children, and that he's gonna have a task force to find them, and that he knows she brought them in, and that she was the Borders are, and she'll be prosecuted as a human trafficker.
If he said that, he would nail the living hell out of her.
Plus, it's incredibly important.
And so, boom!
I mean, I just... I know he knows this.
I don't know why the hell they didn't do it.
And I'm just gonna keep hammering this, because this is ridiculous.
Chase Geyser.
I absolutely agree.
I agree that he won 70-30, maybe even 75-25.
I was hoping for a 90-10, and I think a little bit of what I was concerned about might have played out a little bit here, where he came in very confident, less prepared because he knew how incompetent she was and how canned everything was going to come off.
And if he would have put in the same amount of time that she did to debate prep, this would have been a June 27th level massacre.
It was still a strong victory, but I wish that we would have seen the just total massacre that many were anticipating.
Yeah, I mean, I'm going to go back to it.
We've not seen any of the Gabbard stuff that destroyed her.
Right.
But I didn't expect that to happen, because Trump is very hard to tell what to do.
But holy Toledo, people went crazy the few times he said, 325,000 missing children.
They brought them in.
She brought them in.
It's human trafficking.
Many are in slave labor.
Many are in sex slavery.
They're getting killed.
That's all confirmed.
And he has to devastate them with stuff like that.
and and and he just didn't do it and he didn't bring he brought up how they tried to assassinate him one time and how your secret service stood down and your secret service director lied to congress and said he didn't know who gave the orders to do all that but he gave the order and you know you're just totally incompetent or he did it on purpose you need to cut through and nail them Owen Well, he's got his chance to make those claims about the 325,000 missing children, the illegal immigrants coming in and raping and killing Americans.
I hope he says— Let me say something real quick.
I'm interrupting.
They ran the Joker four years ago.
I saw that.
And it was all about rioting and killing and overthrowing, which they've said if he wins, they're going to do and have Civil War conditions.
And now they're running Joker ads for the new Joker for the election again, just like the Civil War movie.
All of it.
They're prepping it, folks.
This is serious.
Oh, and sorry to interrupt.
Absolutely.
You're right about that.
I hope he says parasitic.
Political class.
That's his bread and butter.
You're the elite.
I represent the people.
Everybody.
You're the scumbag.
He needs to really posture himself as the anti-establishment.
You lock up innocent black people.
I don't.
He needs to posture himself as the anti-establishment.
Go hard against the corrupt government.
Just come out as anti-government.
Even say they want to shut down the government.
Good.
Nobody likes the government.
I hope he follows up with that climate change.
She didn't answer the question.
Now the moderators let her get away with that.
They said, one minute, what's your plan to stop climate change?
She said, oh, Trump calls it a hoax.
She didn't answer the question because she is going to shut down energy.
She is going to ban fracking.
They let her get away with that.
He should bring that back up.
I don't believe for a minute that she's a gun owner.
And if she is, it's like in name only.
Listen, I was really irritating Rob Doo.
He's doing a great job.
He's in there trying to get clips put on X, and we're talking over it, telling him what to edit.
He knows.
I should just write notes and text it to him, because Rob's smart.
He catches what we're catching.
She's literally in that one minute exchange, lying about everything.
I mean, she's literally, no, I never said I want to take your guns.
What was the other thing in that one minute exchange?
Well, they have said they want to ban assault weapons.
And Tim Walz keeps saying, I'm going to ban the weapons I carried in war.
He never went there.
Yeah, but there was one other thing.
They said the same exercise in that one minute.
You're talking about fracking?
Yeah, fracking.
So she said the line.
I never said ban fracking.
I mean, she says, I'm going to ban fracking.
I'm going to ban fracking.
I'm going to ban fracking.
In at least three clips I've seen, it's in her policy papers.
And then it happens again.
Let's go back to the debate right now.
I mean, just incredible level lie.
That one needs to be in a campaign ad.
Time has come for closing statements.
And Vice President Harris, we begin with you.
So I think you've heard tonight two very different visions for our country.
One that is focused on the future, and the other that is focused on the past.
And an attempt to take us back.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
We're not going back.
And I do believe that the Americans will know we all have so much more in common than what's unburdened to us.
And we can chart a new way forward.
Unburdened by what has been said.
And a vision of that includes having a plan.
I'm glad Trump gets the last statement, though.
That's big.
Understanding the aspirations, the dreams, the hopes, the ambition of the American people, which is why I intend to create an opportunity economy, investing in small businesses, in new families, in what we can do around protecting seniors.
Yeah, they'll do great with a 75% capital gains tax.
And price control?
They want to shut the economy off.
Giving hardworking folks work and bringing down the cost of living.
They want control is what they want.
I believe in what we can do together that is about sustaining America's standing in the world and ensuring that we have the respect that we so rightly deserve, including respecting our military and ensuring we have the most lethal fighting force in the world.
I will be a president that will protect our fundamental rights and freedoms, including the right of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have the government tell her what to do.
I'll tell you, I started my career as a prosecutor.
I was a DA, I was an Attorney General, a United States Senator, and now Vice President.
I've only had one client.
The people.
And I'll tell you, as a prosecutor, I never asked a victim or a witness, are you a Republican or a Democrat?
The only thing I ever asked them, are you okay?
And that's the kind of president we need right now.
Someone who cares about you and is not putting themselves first.
I intend to be a president for all Americans.
And focus on what we can do over the next 10 and 20 years to build back up our country by investing right now in you, the American people.
President Harris, thank you.
President Trump?
So she just started by saying she's gonna do this, she's gonna do that, she's gonna do all these wonderful things.
Why hasn't she done it?
She's been there for three and a half years.
They've had three and a half years to fix the border.
They've had three and a half years to Create jobs and all the things we talked about.
Why hasn't she done it?
She should leave right now, go down to that beautiful White House, go to the Capitol, get everyone together and do the things you want to do, but you haven't done it, and you won't do it.
Because you believe in things that the American people don't believe in.
This final statement went to 85.
Things like we're not going to frack.
We're not going to take fossil fuel.
We're not going to do things that are going to make this country strong, whether you like it or not.
Germany tried that.
And within one year, they were back to building normal energy plants.
We're not ready for it.
We can't sacrifice our country for the sake of bad vision.
But I just ask one simple question.
Why didn't she do it?
We're a failing nation.
We're a nation that's in serious decline.
We're being laughed at all over the world.
All over the world they laugh.
I know the leaders very well.
They're coming to see me.
They call me.
We're laughed at all over the world.
They don't understand what happened to us as a nation.
We're not a leader.
We don't have any idea what's going on.
We have wars going on in the Middle East.
We have wars going on with Russia and Ukraine.
We're going to end up in a third world war, and it'll be a war like no other because of nuclear weapons, the power of weaponry.
I rebuilt our entire military.
She gave a lot of it away to the Taliban.
She gave it to Afghanistan.
What these people have done to our country, and maybe toughest of all, is allowing millions of people to come into our country.
Many of them are criminals, and they're destroying our country.
The worst president, the worst vice president in the history of our country.
President Trump, thank you.
And that is our ABC News presidential debate from here in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center.
I'm Lindsay Davis.
And I'm David Muir.
Thank you for watching here in the U.S.
and all over the world and from all of us here at ABC News.
Good night.
Thank you.
And please share the link.
That's how we reach more people.
That's an InfoWar.
We can overpower the AI.
We can win together.
We're doing it.
And share the link at RealAlexJones on X. Everywhere you can.
And share Owen's link.
Share InfoWars link.
Share Chase's links.
All the InfoWars links.
We have a great team up here, but it's been working some of them 18 hours.
Getting the clips out of the debate and getting them out there.
We're going to have Rob do that's already with some of the other crew.
He's already gotten a whole bunch of clips.
The Zinger lie that we don't kill babies after they're born.
I have the law in New York, Virginia.
I have it right here.
I sent it to Rob.
They're printing it off.
We have the clips of Governor Northam admitting it, and I'll explain that.
We have her lying about, I don't want to take your gun.
She wants to ban all semi-auto.
We have the lie about her saying, I don't want to ban fracking.
We have those clips coming up.
Give me a list.
You've already made the videos are already on X. Give me a list.
We're going to go over those.
We're gonna talk for about 20 minutes with the crew.
And get Chase's take.
Owen's take.
I've got some things I want to say.
And then we're going to simulcast with Roger Stone, Luke Borkowski and a whole bunch of other great people from their studios in Florida and get their analysis as well.
And then if some of the crew can do it, I'm gonna leave it up to them.
We will go even past that and open the phones up and take some calls and, you know, go to Midnighter folks.
I mean, there's a lot of people that want to stay up a long time and do this.
I mean, I know that Jack Posobiec and those guys last time of the debate, they went till three in the morning.
That's why they had 60 million viewers, because most of the other people are going to stop soon.
If we keep going, we will defeat the enemy.
Not just our great viewers will be here getting the facts and giving us their take, but then it'll be the dominant streams out there.
But I know others understand that they're going to be doing it, so if we can't hack it, I understand.
I got up at 5 a.m.
this morning.
I've got to get up at 5.30 in the morning again.
I've got a lot of stuff behind the scenes going on.
It's okay.
I'm going to be here for a while, at least an hour and a half or so.
But I've got to get five hours in my gas tank or I can't do this.
So I'm going to leave it up to you guys.
I would imagine you and Chase, if some of the crew want to stay, we can cut a skeleton crew.
And continue on and maybe take comments from the spaces that we've got going on X and also take a few calls.
I leave that to you.
I'm not guilting you if you don't want to.
I get it.
I am going to run out of gas here in the next hour or so.
If I drink too much coffee, I won't be able to go to sleep.
So I'm just being honest.
And I already took today my next level of foundational energy.
That's great.
And I've still got some energy, but it makes me a little bit of a dick when it goes this far.
So that's just being completely honest, everybody.
And some of the crew's cross-eyed, but we love you.
We appreciate you.
My cross-eyed exhausted.
And so that's what this comes down to.
So I'm going to give Chase and you some time here, Owen.
And then we're going to join Roger Stone and them in about 20 minutes.
And go back and forth with a huge panel they've got as well.
And I'm going to go squirrel around with the clips and make sure I've got the list of everything I want so we can hit them with that as well.
This is going to be huge.
It's key not just to cover this live, but again, to analyze the BS.
And when the mainstream media gets lazy and goes to sleep in a couple hours, we keep fighting and the viewers and listeners keep fighting and hit the clips that Real Alex shows and other great clips that we're going to be posting for everybody and just show the level of BS you just saw.
But we need to see campaign ads where they're going, Well I'll just say on that issue, I don't know what's going on with the Trump campaign and the RNC.
boom boom boom boom boom. That's a lie. I never said I want to take your guns.
Oh hell yeah we're gonna take your semi-autos. Hell yeah we're gonna ban them.
I mean this is recent. I mean, Owen. Well I'll just say on that issue, I don't know what's going on
with the Trump campaign and the RNC. They're basically have, they have no ads. I mean there
are no ads on TV.
They don't have half the money the Democrats have.
There are no ads on the radio.
All they have is these social media ads, which are fine, and they do well on social media.
You dominate social media.
Trump has like 80% of the support on social media.
They need to be running ads during football games and whatever else the normies, as we call them, are sitting at home watching.
That's where they need to be running ads.
Kamala is dominating.
Her campaign is dominating in these TV and radio ads.
Well, they're the establishment.
Of course they got more money.
You think King George had more money than us in 1776?
Well, I'm just saying, I hope that they not only cut these ads, but put them on TV and radio.
All right, Chase Geiser, Owen Schroer here, Alex Jones will be rejoining us shortly.
He's going to get some of these clips ready and get a video list for us to go down all of these highlights.
Chase, I'm going to go through my notes here and then allow you some time to give your reaction as well or respond to what I've said.
So let me just kind of go down my...
Uh, list of notes as we're following this along live all night.
Uh, first of all, and this went on all night, Kamala's smug glare and condescending resting bitch face.
That was my first note.
Yeah, I mean that went, that played all night.
I don't really think that plays well.
Um, Kamala attacking Donald Trump, I don't think plays well either.
She did that all night because she's the, she's in power.
They have the White House.
So I don't think that really plays well.
Kamala, you noticed in the beginning, I guess Kamala was a little nervous.
She kept swallowing.
I don't know, maybe she thought it was Willie Brown's office.
They keep trying to tag Trump to Project 25, just a blatant lie.
Plus, nobody knows what Project 2025 really is.
Nobody's actually read the 900 pages.
You know, and this is the funny thing, Chase.
It's the same thing with Project 2025 and the abortion issue, and this just shows the insane world of politics that we're currently in.
The left is attacking Donald Trump for banning abortion, and then the far right is attacking Donald Trump for not banning abortion.
And so, okay, and then you have the Project 25.
You have the left attacking Donald Trump saying it's his plan, and then you have the far right attacking Donald Trump saying why won't he endorse Project 2025?
So it's like this crazy world of politics that we're in where it's just reality doesn't even matter.
It's just whatever feels good.
Saying Trump doesn't care is selfish.
Saying Trump doesn't care and is selfish.
When Kamala says that, you know, that's funny.
He literally took a bullet for the country.
I wish he kind of would have responded with a little snipe there.
You know, the abortion issue, I don't even know if I want to go too far on this, but again, I'm sick of these issues that affect less than 1% of the country.
The truth is, most people do not have abortions.
Most women do not have abortions.
Most people aren't even faced with this decision.
Most people don't want to have an abortion.
So it's just this issue that tugs at the moral and the soul of the country, but really, it's just not an issue that affects most people.
So you know, I just don't know how much that really resonates outside of just liberal women.
Have you ever seen a single clip of anybody holding their kid saying the reason I have this kid is because I couldn't get an abortion because Donald Trump is terrible?
I can't say I have.
Like disappointed that they're holding their kid?
I will say though, I've seen, I mean there have been liberals out at some of these abortion rallies that basically talk about how they've aborted their children and then they'll have a couple children right there and they'll like brag about I mean that's, that's fucked up, but that's liberal women for you.
Trump, she said, she, Kamala said that Donald Trump opened the border with a phone call.
Who's in the White House?
You know, that's the question we have to sit here and wonder, Chase.
When Kamala sits here and points the finger at Trump and blames everything on Trump, Kamala claims that it was Trump's fault that the borders opened because of that bill.
Now, we all know how this thing works.
The Democrats say, OK, we'll close the border, but we want your firstborn son.
And so the Republicans say, well, no, I'm not giving you my firstborn son, so no, you're not getting the money to secure the border.
And even that was a lie.
They weren't going to secure the border.
But that's what they do, is they put all these extra things in there, like, we want your firstborn son and, you know.
We want the DNA.
We want the DNA And then how Biden ignored the families and how nobody got fired.
And then this was the big point, Chase.
This was, to me, the turning point in the debate.
And I said it right then and there.
And that was January 6th.
And that's not even to say that the January 6th issue is a winning issue for Trump.
You know, I don't really know how that plays to the undecided voter.
But it was in that moment where Trump was like, all right, this isn't the Biden debate.
I got the moderators against me.
I got this cackling hyena witch over here.
I'm not sitting on my heels anymore.
I'm going on the offense.
And to me, that was when the whole attitude of the debate changed.
And I think that it was probably neutral.
And then after that, Trump started winning.
Yeah, I think you're right.
And there were some great moments, like the quiet please moment, which was very subtle and fleeting, was a remarkable moment.
Because that's one of her singers and he used it against her.
Right, right.
Here's the thing.
If I hadn't taken notes, Owen, I don't think that I would remember a single thing that she said.
I'm just trying to adopt the mind of just an average listener who's not attuned to politics, who doesn't follow politics every day like you or I or Alex or Harrison.
If I had just watched that and not taken notes, nothing she did or said was memorable whatsoever.
Well, the other thing is like 90% of it was bullshit.
It's an empty suit up there.
Yeah, it was... Well, it gave me a headache because it was just to hear a lie.
The good part about telling the truth all the time is you just think about the truth and your brain gets better at it.
But when you're listening to a liar, it infects your brain because you're like, what?
What?
She just, what?
You did it again?
Did it again?
Oh, Alex, you mean when she brought up the fine people hoax that's been debunked by even leftist organizations?
Yeah, and you know, Trump goes, you know, Hannity debunked that.
No, Snopes!
Yeah.
Guys, pull up Snopes debunks very fine people thing.
The cat people with toxoplasmosis even admit that that was wrong.
What he was talking about was how the police marched the fake Southern Poverty Law Center ADL that came out.
I had the head of the group with the torches.
He goes, it is true I worked for Obama one year ago, but now I'm a white supremacist.
It was like a bunch, it was the gay theater squad literally.
And then there were a bunch of reporters like our own people there and a bunch of people
came out to see it that got attacked and he meant that he was like this is wrong.
So he said there were some good people on the left, people on the right and people came
to see it and there was some bad people on the left and right.
The anti-fans and the white supremacists and that's it was clear just like JD Vance last
week said I played the speech five times.
If you didn't watch it listeners you need to go find JD Vance.
Vance on shootings, the actual video, J.D.
Vance video, saying shootings are a fact of life.
He said, it's terrible, I hate it, we can't put up with it, we gotta change it, it hurts me, we've gotta end this, and he laid out a plan to try to stop school shootings because we cannot allow it to be a fact of life.
That turns into J.D.
Vance says he doesn't care about shot kids as a fact of life.
That is a 100% lie!
And imagine you tell lies so big no one is going to get countered.
Yeah, I had, they had the thing, I had Trump- By the way, look what people are saying on the debate, even in the establishment polls.
Throw it back up.
I had Trump at about 60-40.
I think this was about 60-40 in my eyes in favor of Trump.
Yeah, and these are mainline dumbos and skewed.
Who watches mainstream news?
Hey, guys, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now.
Go to Real Alex Jones.
I don't think he's saying so later.
And put up a poll on Real Alex Jones, pronto, pronto, with a simple question.
I'm on it.
Who won tonight's Trump-slash-Harris debate?
Donald Trump or Kamala Harris?
Let's put it on X. Now that skews, used to leftist, now it's about, I'd say, 60% conservative, but it's still a big free-for-all.
Let's just say 60% conservative.
You watch, you'll win by 90%.
So that shows that even though there's 40% Democrats or more on there, I predict that the poll will get a million, you know, views tonight, and tomorrow on the air, I predict he gets 89 or 90% of it.
Watch.
Watch.
So put it on Railroad Jones right now.
It's up.
It's up?
It's already up.
Good God, how fast was that?
Real Alex Jones on X right now.
Get it up there.
And I wonder if the Drudge Report has a poll.
If not, that's basically them saying Kamala lost.
If they do, I want to see how that goes.
Yeah, let's go to the Drudge Report.
But first, let's put up Real Alex Jones on screen.
I guess Chase is doing it right now.
It's up.
And people ask, like, who does my Twitter?
I do about 90% of it.
And then the crew, I call them, you know, like when I'm on air, put this up, right?
Ow, God, I'm working out really hard, my rotator cuff went out a little bit.
Move, move the wrong way.
Okay, so it's got 24, 23 hours left to vote.
Who won tonight's Trump-Harris debate?
Boom, boom, boom.
Real Alex Jones.
Vote, vote, vote.
Let us know what you think.
Sorry, go ahead, guys.
So there was also the bloodbath hoax, and then they also brought up the hoax where they say, oh, and Trump won by a whisker.
And you know, It's upsetting to see even some people on the right wing fall for this crap now, because I guess some of them are anti-Trump.
But, again, totally out of context, he goes on like a five minute...
Explainer of how they stole the election.
He says election fraud, election theft.
And then he's like, and after all that, they won by a whisker.
They won by a whisker.
So he's basically saying like, yeah, we were winning all day long in these five states.
In each of these states, they got hundreds of thousands of votes at three thirty in the morning for Joe Biden.
And then they won by a whisker and they take it out and they say he won by a whisker.
Trump says he lost.
Trump admits he lost.
And it's all this garbage.
And so they even brought that up tonight.
And so David Muir ended up being worse than Lindsey Davis.
I was, I was shocked by that.
But yeah, that was, I mean, to think that CNN was fair and balanced and then ABC News was radical leftist.
I mean, I guess I'm not surprised.
I guess I'm not surprised.
They wanted Biden out.
They used CNN to do it.
And then this was the debate to try to destroy Donald Trump.
With ABC, Lindsay Davis, David Muir, and Kamala all against Trump.
Now I wish they would have had a live audience, but unfortunately they didn't, Chase.
Yeah, yeah, the live audience is always a benefit.
I'm just astounded right now looking at this poll.
There's already been like 10,885 people who voted on it.
It's only been up for three minutes.
It's 91% Trump.
Oh, even the fake grifting sycophant Krasensteins will put up a poll and it'll be, you know, it'll be, they put up 10 polls a week.
Everything goes Trump.
But you know, I said 89 or 9%.
I looked at the numbers it's like 42% Democrat or you know leftist now and you know uh 58% Populous or conservative.
It's really about populism now.
And the Krasensteins have their leptis audience.
They're getting like, everything they do is like 85, 87.
And everything Musk does is about 87 pro-Trump.
So I just think with our audience on X, it'll be a little more, so I guess 90.
And I guess I'm dead on.
Boom, you just saw me do it.
And with a big sampling of 10,000, I think that'll track now.
And I think tomorrow I'll be on the air.
We'll have the clip of me saying 90%.
You'll think you'll see it.
That's how the brain works, baby.
Well, and the truth is the X audience, let's say, is high information voters.
Let's just, for the conversation, let's say that the X audience is a high information voter.
No doubt.
I mean, this is junkie world of information.
It's an absolute pleasure palace.
And I ain't watching the porn on there.
The average person that probably tuned in to the ABC debate That doesn't really watch politics.
That's maybe more of a low information voter or an uninterested voter, maybe even an unenthused voter.
So I think that's where it really matters.
I think I have this at about 60-40 for Trump.
So he won the debate.
It wasn't an overwhelming victory, but he did win the debate.
I think it's about 60-40.
And you know, Chase, you made a good point.
There's nothing Kamala said that was of substance.
There's nothing people are going to take away from that tomorrow morning.
Just her smirking.
What about that face she kept making?
We're going to call that the condescending, resting bitch face, Alex.
She looked at him the whole time.
He looked at the moderators the whole time.
I noticed that.
I don't know if that was part of her strategy.
But if you want to win a debate, I think you look at the people who asked you the question.
Come on, Alex.
Alex, stop it.
What?
She didn't do this.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
She didn't even watch.
She went to the couch.
She actually watched.
She watched.
Actually, she went into the cackle once.
And she had to catch herself.
She reined it in?
Yeah, yeah.
She had to catch herself.
This is like... Like a demon comes in and goes...
She went into the cackle once, she drew back, and then when Trump, when they asked about the black question, she started to go into the foghorn leghorn thing, and then she kind of drew back again.
Yeah, she drew back.
I tell you what, huh?
I say, I say, I say, I been a blackie.
I say, I say, go away, son.
You bother me.
Oh, wait a minute, dog.
Go away, dog.
Yeah, so she drew back.
I hate rabbits.
I'm the roughest, toughest hombre east of the Pecos.
I'm Yosemite Sam!
Yosemite Sam!
It's Yosemite Sam!
They're cross between Yosemite Sam, Porky Pig, and Foghorn Leghorn.
You know what's funny?
When they brought up the Israel issue, that Kamala didn't, she did not want to mention that her husband was Jewish.
She did not want to do that.
No.
She didn't want to mention, and she, she like said, she said that she loved Israel, but she really wanted to make that brief, too, because she knows that her base is really intense.
There were a bunch of protesters outside.
And here's where I stand.
Well, there are 30 years.
I'm sick of people trying to bully me to hate Israel and making it the center of the universe.
I can post a meme about transgenderism.
There's like five comments.
How do you work for the Jews?
And it's like, you Nazis are really making me be pro-Israel, like, you know, doing that.
I don't like what Israel's doing.
I criticize it.
I don't like what our government's doing.
I have big problems with it.
And then I look at the left, and the Muslims, and the communists, and they're all together, and I frickin' hate them.
And it's just like, God Almighty!
I mean, it is just, like, don't you get?
Like, I...
Talk about Tim Walz being a communist Chinese agent.
I mean, China's the biggest country in the world.
They basically have taken over much of our government.
Israel's got a big part in that, too.
And I'll post something about a Chinese communist spy like Swallow's Well, and they're like, why are you coming up for the Jews?
And I'm like, do you understand that even Nick Fuentes, because he's, you know, well-spoken and smart, knows no, China is a major deal.
China, I mean, let's say you're out in the wilderness and you can get attacked by a lion
or you can get attacked by a pack of hyenas.
And you guys keep going, there's only hyenas.
And I'm not saying the Jews are all hyenas.
I'm using, they're saying Jews are the predator, you know, Israel's bad.
Yeah, their government's out of control, does terrible things, it's an alpha, you know, powerful,
I'd say predator state.
Most of these governments are.
So I can see the same garbage everywhere, but they're like, I'm like,
hey, we're in a jungle of corruption or in the savanna with 15 foot cobras and tigers
and jackals and hyenas like.
Do you dummies understand?
And Russia's got nuclear weapons.
Trump's like, hey, we're not going to keep escalating the war.
They've got nuclear weapons.
We can't do that.
And so to me, I just look at this, and I'm just literally On policy, I don't care if it's Israel pushing a policy, or the Communist Chinese, or, or, or, there's also the camps like, oh, you work for the Vatican, I'm not Catholic, but I don't hate Catholics, it's, it's, it, no, there's evil centralized, Elon Musk earlier this week, or last week,
I think it was actually Saturday.
I retweeted it.
Put out a graph where you think everybody on top is the elite and they're all bad together.
And then everybody else is down here.
No, it's flipped on its side.
Here's the elite.
Here's the general public.
And then there's a sliver of elites and the general public that want to control you and take your freedoms.
That's it.
And so if you just get rid of the label and say, I'm not going to attack people according to what group they're in, then you're actually communicating with everybody.
Does that make sense?
Well, I think that to try to get into the nuance of these geopolitical issues for the sake of covering a debate, again, the average American voter doesn't understand any of this.
They see the media freaking out about $10 million from a Russian to an American media company and think that that's some sort of a big deal.
Big Tech spends billions.
James O'Keefe got a new video of the Google exec going, we give all the money to Kamala and all the ads and all the placement.
We don't even see Trump.
It's the equivalent of billions of dollars.
And they're like, oh, $10 million!
The Russians invested.
I mean, what the hell are you?
It's like a BB gun compared to a howitzer.
Now, let's be clear.
We got Roger Stone coming up here in about five, six, seven minutes.
Make contact with them.
I told them they wanted to simulcast.
I'm happy to do it.
I love when we did it last time during the DNC.
But I said, hey, you'll want 20, 30 minutes.
Let us know for your big panel to have your own time and say what you want.
And then we'll connect with you because it's been a great panel format.
And let me tell the viewer something.
I went out there to do, and I went out there to McBreen, who are kicking ass.
They've both been up since 9 this morning.
Some of the crews since 6 a.m., and I said that we're on the American Journal that you guys hosted.
And I said, hey, get me all the clips that are on X. They said, listen, we got all the clips and the lies, but we're actually adding the clips of her lying.
And I started watching, and I was like, oh my God, take your time.
Because then repost these to X, because they're even better than me talking over everyone.
She said this!
She said that!
That's a lie!
We have it, and it's devastating.
They got two of them almost ready.
They got others they're fixing up.
No, well, you got them ready now.
I want to do them all at one time.
Or let's say this.
Get us two or three, and we'll air those soon.
And then we'll get to the others and post them on X. But okay, what's the one you got right now?
I can't help it.
What is it?
Okay, good.
And remember, I put the mics in there.
Most of the time when you guys... I want you on air when you do that.
Because I want people to hear the crew.
That's why I put mics in there.
Now, I've said a name wrong.
They don't tell me what to say, but every show I say some name wrong.
Kind of like when Trump said West Virginia instead of Virginia.
You just slip up.
You don't mean it.
You're not following teleprompter.
You messed up.
They'll pop in and go, hey, boss, you just said the wrong.
You just said the guy's name wrong.
So they do pop in my show at least once a day and say, hey, you're wrong, or you just gave that number out, or hey, you just said that wrong.
Not on purpose.
That's why we try to fix stuff.
Everything's about our credibility.
But I did put the mics in there so that you could hear what they just said.
So turn your mic on and then tell me what the first video is you got.
So we have a compilation of Harris from the debate talking about the mandatory gun buyback.
We're saying she's not going to do the gun buybacks, but then the clips with her talking about that and then the fracking stuff, you know, contrasting as well.
That's exactly what I asked for.
Okay, this isn't on X yet.
We're gonna play this sweetsie cake right now, and then I'm gonna send it to the Trump campaign.
They have done some stuff, I've told them.
And say, it's a no-brainer, sweetheart.
And I'm gonna bitch some people out tomorrow.
They promised me they told them the highest level.
Kidder with the $325,000 and the slave labor and the sex slavery.
Please!
I mean, look.
That, it was the nuclear weapon, man.
That cuts across lines.
And the fact that Trump didn't do it, I just am...
I'm happy he won, but I hate these people so much.
They're literal child trafficker pedophiles.
Mayorkas guarantees, in my opinion, is a pedophile.
I haven't seen it, but he definitely helps them en masse.
He's the greatest pedophile enabler the world's ever seen.
And I just look at these people, and my pedo radar goes, alert, alert, danger, Will Robinson.
If I was Robbie the Robot, alert, alert, pedophile approaching from the east three miles, alert, very dangerous.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, Mr. Robinson, Dr. Robinson, get ready, get, you know, I mean, oh!
What's wrong, Robbie?
I mean, it's like the radar's like... Brian Stelter, you know, the PETA radar goes, this is an emergency!
You hear, like, air rain sirens, you know.
I mean, alarms are going off.
This starship will explode in T-minus two minutes.
Alert!
Countdown to thermal nuclear explosion.
And I'm not saying they're pedophiles.
If I was going to have a movie where they have kids in a dungeon and these guys in vans drive around kidnapping kids, it'd be Brian Stelter.
But then, when you get to the pit, and there's the master pedophile, it's Mayorkas.
And I gotta say, Tim Walz, pedo, radar, shoots off the, you know, and then, same thing, Kamala Harris' husband?
Oh yeah, that, I mean... So, so... Wait a second, Alex, I want somebody to ask Tim Walz where the tampons go.
I'm telling you, I'm not just saying this to be mean.
Where, does Tim Walz go into the boys' bathroom and show the boys where the tampons go?
Well, he...
Let me tell you something.
I wouldn't let my kids get within 100 yards of that guy.
So, okay, we have Roger Stone.
We're connecting with him.
We'll go to them in five minutes.
But here is the first video with the mega-jumbo-massive lie they've been caught in.
And we'll get some comments from Harrison.
He already left.
He's working so hard.
From Owen and from Chase.
I've been up way too long, but I'm feeling good, folks.
Feeling good, feeling right.
Here is the clip, and then we'll join up with Roger Stone, Luke Rakowski, and others.
Here's one of the big lies.
I just need to respond to a previous point that the former president has made.
I've made very clear my position on fracking, and then this business about taking everyone's guns away.
Tim Walz and I are both gun owners.
We're not taking anybody's guns away.
So stop with the continuous lying about this stuff.
California Senator Kamala Harris says if she becomes president, she will take what her campaign calls executive action to combat gun violence.
Upon being elected, I will give the United States Congress 100 days to get their act together and have the courage to pass reasonable gun safety laws.
And if they fail to do it, then I will take executive action.
We, who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence, and that's why we will work to pass universal background checks, red flag laws, and an assault weapons ban.
It is reasonable to say that weapons of war have no place on the streets of America.
And by that, I mean assault weapons.
Weapons of war.
They were literally designed to be weapons of war.
Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking your first day in office?
There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking.
So, yeah, I believe in the Second Amendment, but I also believe we need to renew the assault weapons ban.
I'm also in favor of the assault weapons ban.
Look, we have five million assault weapons on the streets of America, and we have five million assault weapons on the streets of America.
And assault weapons have been designed, designed to kill a lot of human beings quickly.
They are weapons of war, and there is no place for them on a civil society.
There is no reason why we have assault weapons on the streets of a civil society.
They are weapons of war.
They are designed to kill a lot of people quickly.
An assault weapon is designed to kill a lot of human beings Quickly!
We don't have any, we have to get these guns off the street.
But I also, you know, I have faith in the American people to know that, you know, that we want to comply with our laws and that I know that to be true.
We want to ban assault weapons and they want to ban books.
And Congress needs to have the courage to act and renew the assault weapons ban.
We need an assault weapons ban.
These are reasonable things to do.
There is no reason that we have weapons of war on the streets of America!
We need reasonable gun safety laws!
It's something I'm so passionate about and so looking forward to being president to address.
We've got to deal with this.
How mandatory is your gun buyback program?
It's mandatory.
That devastating, which should be a Trump campaign ad, I'm sure they'll do something like it, is going up in minutes.
They're adding a little something extra, I told them to.
Within five minutes, that will be on Real Alex Jones, under the title, Trump releases his first official campaign ad, and then the rest of it, where she lies about gun confiscation plans and banning fracking.
That is going up.
All right.
I see Luke Rakowski.
I've been saying his name wrong for 20 years.
I've known him Rodowski.
It's Rakowski.
And we've got the... Hey, but I've said it so long.
He says that's the name everybody calls him now, so it's okay.
Great guy.
Great journalist.
I've known him since he was 17.
And then, of course, we got Roger Stone, the big expert on all this.
Can you hear me, Roger Stone?
Yes, indeed, Alex.
We're here with you.
Luke is here.
We watched the same three-on-one fiasco that you did.
It was an attempt to pile on to the president.
Amazing to me that they fact-checked him repeatedly.
They never fact-checked Kamala Harris and any of her many lies, not even once.
Not even once.
They put their ass on the scale.
They didn't do that so much with CNN because they wanted to get rid of Biden, as you predicted, and as came true.
And so, Roger, speak to that, and Luke and the rest of your crew, and then my guys will come back and speak.
But you guys, for the next... Everybody's been hearing from us for a long time, so I know your folks have been hearing from you.
You'll hear from us in a moment, but, Roger, spend three or four minutes, as long as you want, and then go through your gallery there, and we'll come back to us with our response.
And we've got another devastating video showing her lies that will premiere for you.
Go ahead.
Certainly, Alex.
Look, I think that this is as good as it's going to get for her.
She's clearly much better at memorizing things.
If you look at the whole rhythm and the direction of the thing, I strongly suspect that she was given every question in advance and she had a memorized answer.
Nobody is that smooth.
Trump, obviously, I think should have focused a bit more on the future, but the important thing is that his past record is a projection of the future.
Politics is always about the future, never the past.
We got from her a lot of happy talk about unity and people working together, but what she doesn't understand is that people don't see politics in terms of Republicans and Democrats, and therefore The support of the Cheneys is not a plus.
The people do not like Dick Cheney.
They don't like endless war.
They don't like the fact that these people have spent billions of dollars promulgating war.
She is acting like she never Met Joe Biden.
You're not debating Joe Biden.
Yes, we are debating Joe Biden because you are his vice president and you have supported his policies.
You notice, Alex, when she was asked, what would you do differently than Joe Biden?
She never answered that question.
And when Trump said Joe Biden actually hates her, which I think is true, she never responded to that.
Is that because she fears what Joe Biden might actually say?
Well, that's right.
Luke Rakowski, you saw this.
Just real quick, let me go back to Roger and then Luke.
The larger issue of them putting their asses on the scale was this was so transparent, and I'm wondering, Roger, if the public picked up on that injustice.
Because I know in my RIG showcase trials, where I was already found guilty, people came in 50-50 to it, but they had to ban the YouTube streams that had millions of viewers.
and hundreds of thousands of comments because 99% of the comments were for me
saying why don't his lawyers ever speak? Why does Alex not get to speak? Why do they attack him for
days then he gets five minutes they attack him again because it was rigged. I think people are
going to see through how the moderators as you said always would fact check him like their god,
back up her lies. Oh another big lie is them saying they don't kill any babies after they're born.
Multiple states have passed laws.
A bunch of them have laws that, you know, they kill them to the ninth month.
We have the governor of Northam in Virginia saying that, you know, keep babies alive and sell their body parts.
And we have the California case that she prosecuted the journalist when she was attorney general and put him in jail and gave him huge fines when they showed the documents that they were selling universities babies with still beating hearts.
I mean, you can't make this up, Roger.
Alex, I think you're right, and here's why.
I'm not sure who tuned in tonight's debate that wasn't already decided, in all honesty.
I mean, the average person actually wasn't even watching this debate.
But the average person does know what they're paying for a gallon of gasoline.
They do know how little their dollar buys when they go to the grocery store.
They do know they can't find affordable housing, it doesn't matter where they want to buy.
They're hoping to rent.
They do know that while there's a crime epidemic in their community, that instead of solving that, we're shipping billions of dollars to Ukraine.
So I actually think after a couple of days, when all of this settles down, the race is going to be about where it was, which is to say relatively close, but they have two significant advantages.
That they utilized fully in 2020 and they will try to do so again.
The distortions of the mainstream media, which, while they are not monolithic anymore, while they don't have a monopoly on information, are still enormously influential.
And then secondarily, and more problematic, the censorship.
The censorship that is actually being driven by elements of the U.S.
government who are charged to work with media outlets, particularly those on the internet, to make sure that people like you and I, Alex, we have no voice.
And Roger, I want to go to Luke here because I don't want to...
You've been saying they would replace Biden and put somebody else in and they put Kamala in and you've said the big danger is he develops another medical issue like they did in Vegas and then flying to Delaware for eight days and he comes out and does all this and steps down.
If he does that now officially, she becomes the president, the first woman president.
They're going to try to use that as a springboard to hype things up.
And I mean, that's really their only move because I had the Rasmussen head poller on even the New York Times agrees.
Trump, even in their skewed polls, is now ahead of Kamala.
You never were optimistic.
And you know, you're saying you feel very optimistic.
But I had Rasmussen gone for 40 minutes.
And they've been tracking back decades, one of the top ones.
And he said, look, he's got more support than he had in 2016.
We know he had less, but probably still won, he agreed, in 2020.
But they stole it.
He was agreeing to move on this error, the head bolster.
And now that he sees way more support across the board than Trump's ever had, so you're, you're, you're, you are optimistic.
You don't think it's in the bag because of all the fraud.
You kind of got mad at our headline that was already out an hour had gone by, so we couldn't, you know, change the headline.
You know, not a big win, but a win.
Can you elaborate on that?
Uh, yeah.
Well, first of all, I think that she had to Perform minimally well tonight, acceptably well, for them to reject the option of forcing Joe Biden out one way or another.
I still think it could happen.
I still think that it's likely to happen.
It's going to take a couple of days for the polling to settle down and will determine how desperate they are.
This was Trump's race to win going into this debate.
I still think it is his to win.
But this three-on-one pile-on is not going to be helpful.
And you can already see them slicing and dicing the clips.
The single best moment in the debate, though, I have to say, was when he stole her money shot line and said, I'm talking now.
Because you know she was prepared to use that.
And he beat her to the punch.
It was the single best moment in the debate.
I agree.
I also think his closing comments were really strong.
Yes, I'll tell you what surprised me in that was that it was uncharacteristic.
He does understand that energy production is the keystone to a strong economy, that if you have energy independence and a vibrant energy sector, that you will have a vibrant economy and it gives you enormous bargaining power in world affairs.
He always hits that point.
It is part of his kind of standard A spiel, whether it's an interview or a speech, yet he really didn't touch it tonight.
That was a little surprising to me.
Alex, we are very happy to have Roger Stone here.
He is literally getting text messages from Donald Trump in the making of our broadcast.
We were earlier just talking about the larger kind of inconvenience that Joe Biden is to the Democratic Party and how they probably will be getting rid of him in some way, shape or form to give Kamala a boost here, depending on the poll numbers.
And I think if she goes down on the polls, they're going to think of something even more desperate.
But right now, a lot of people are expecting her polls to go up.
And I think what we saw today was a very advanced Operation Mockingbird-like project unfolding right in front of our eyes.
As of course, we were telling people yesterday, we were telling people weeks in advance.
This debate was going to be rigged, and that's exactly what it was.
Trump, I was counting, was interrupted and corrected about 11 times.
Kamala Harris, zero times.
And the way that this debate was kind of engineered, you could see without a shadow of a doubt, there's a high probability that Kamala Harris was absolutely given the questions beforehand, especially with the way that she was Answering them and in many ways where she wasn't even answering them to the point where she was never even pushed back on or corrected.
What we're seeing here is high level manipulation and I think they really were looking at the larger psychology of Donald Trump set him up with some kind of personal traps.
And we're using his own kind of personality in a kind of weaponized way in order to portray this larger kind of orange man bad kind of theme and to try to make Kamala Harris look like the unifier and to add CIA insults to injury.
Just now, I just went on Taylor Swift's Instagram and she has now officially endorsed Kamala Harris for the presidency of the United States.
This is breaking news happening right now.
Taylor Swift.
I have to switch positions now.
Taylor Swift is for... She got Roger's vote.
But you gotta understand, she has 883 million followers and on her Twitter account just officially came out as, and even declaring that she's a childless cat lady, that she will be voting for Kamala Harris this presidency.
That's right, we have shots of her with the ragdoll cat.
And she says, I'm a childless cat lady.
So Roger Stone, everybody wants to get your take on this.
What do you make of Taylor Swift's endorsement?
I think already the people that are under her spell or whatever are going to vote for Kamala regardless.
But what do you make of Taylor Swift, the childless cat lady?
First of all, most of the Nocs aren't going to vote, aren't registered to vote, aren't going to vote, aren't even interested enough in the process to vote.
It's hard for me to believe that 883 million people have that bad a taste in music, but hey, that's just me.
I don't think having popular pop culture figures endorse you as how you win elections.
Support is not transferable.
But you could also see that Taylor Swift didn't want to sign on to the Titanic, so she wanted to see how she did tonight.
She was saying today she wasn't sure she was going to endorse.
Now, I think that that performance was sufficient enough for her to do so.
Again, the expectation level for Trump was allowed to get too high.
The expectation level for the Vice President was exceedingly low.
She did exceed it.
I would concede that.
Yes.
She seemed more future-oriented, even though it was still pretty much of a word salad.
In other words, I want to bring us together.
I have plans.
As Clint pointed out, she didn't have plans until about 48 hours ago on her website.
And her plans, each one is about one sentence long.
Yeah, let's go to Clint.
Let me just say this briefly.
I totally agree with Roger.
That's what I said.
Halfway into the debate.
Trump was about 55, you know, 60 points.
So she's about 40.
He was about 60.
He was winning, but we have higher expectations for him, lower expectations for her.
She was able to spit out a bunch of talking points that were basically all lies and disinformation, but she was able to halfway regurgitate that.
So it's like, oh, look, Frankenstein can walk.
It's alive.
Wow.
It's doing better than we thought.
And so, but then he got better and better by the end.
I say he won 80 to 20.
By the end, he dominated her.
But absolutely, she doesn't even have any policies.
They're all Joe Biden's horrible policies.
What do you think about that?
Well, I think that's true.
But I think that the real problem here is that you had the two moderators and Kamala all on the same side.
And really, the way the Democrats work now is that because they believe in technocracy, they believe in appeal to authority, and they believe in majoritarian rule.
So they're going to see basically the majority siding with her.
They're going to go, well, I guess Trump's a liar.
Doesn't matter that, in fact, she was the one who lied dozens of times.
I think most Democrat voters won't recognize it.
I mean, that's it.
What Roger said earlier, I'm going to put it out on X, it used to go totally viral.
Roger Stone, no, exclusive, Roger Stone.
Debate was a three-on-one pile-on, but Trump still won.
I mean, that's basically it.
Yeah, I think that's right.
He stuck to his key important themes.
The people are, maybe I'm too trusting of the people.
But does anyone really think things are going great right now for this country?
And does anyone think that her policies would be the slightest bit different than what we have today?
I don't think so.
So I'll be interested to see the polling after a couple days.
I'm not sure who tuned in tonight that was actually undecided.
And I think that that is a key factor.
I do think, I was surprised you didn't talk more about energy.
I'm in favor of another debate.
I'd like to see another debate.
She's going to be the one who doesn't want another debate.
She got out of there with her skin.
She overperformed.
She was lucid enough to put together all the hope and joy stuff.
I don't think she wants to risk another confrontation with Trump.
I can assure you we will not see another debate before November.
She, the Democrat Party had been holding their breath ever since she got the nomination.
They knew that there was basically one moment where she could totally have a, forgive my language, but a pants shitting Joe Biden type of moment.
She didn't have that tonight.
I'll grant you, I do think that Trump certainly brought More value, more actual ideas to the table, but it really doesn't matter because they had the moderators on her side, and they're going to have the fact checkers on her side, the corporate media is on her side, Hollywood's on her side, pop culture is on her side.
Everyone is on her side except for those that are actually interested in the truth, which is the American people and your audience and ours.
So we'll see what wins out.
I think it's going to be a very close election.
But this misunderstanding that the Uniparty all getting together, having the support of the Cheneys and little Adam Kinzer, I don't know why they think that's a plus.
I really honestly don't.
And I'm happy to have the trade-off of RFK Jr.
And Chelsea Gabbard, for example, who I think are going to be very effective here in the final weeks of this campaign.
Whoever would have thought we were going to see Kamala Harris, the presidency of John McCain, and Dick Cheney.
Those are the two biggest people that she propped up today on the debate stage.
That's who she's standing behind.
That's who's in her camp.
And I think Donald Trump should have doubled down on this.
We should be making this a bigger kind of talking point, specifically around the larger context of the conversation about Ukraine that was specifically made here.
As, of course, she touted some of the biggest scumbags and warmongers in our political discourse.
These people are discredited.
These people are dishonest.
These people have blood on their hands.
Let's bring out their track record, specifically when it comes to American foreign policy, and all the money we're wasting away, and let's actually make that a key issue of discussion.
And backing you up, Luke, you cut your teeth, I mean, I've known you 20 years, you were 17 years old, confronting these globalistic Cheney, all of them, and the Democrats said they were the greatest Satans on Earth, so whether they were or not, which they obviously were true war criminals and very evil, the Democrats said this was Satan incarnate, so it shows they have no soul, they'll flip on a dime, and the fact that they think that props them up shows how disconnected from reality they are.
So let's just pull back here for a minute.
I want to show you guys a poll that I want to ask you guys some questions, and then I want to get my guys to pop in here and get their Looking forward, will there be a JD Vance tampon Tim Walls debate?
And I think Vance will destroy Walls.
I want to get your take on that.
But first, here's the poll.
We just put it up like 30 minutes ago.
It's got 74,000 votes at Real Alex Jones, 190,000 views.
And I said it'd be in the high 80s or early 90s.
We'll see how it closes by showtime tomorrow.
I said 89 or 90 is what I'm picking.
I'll just just just to nail it.
I'll say 89% when I go on air at 11 a.m.
Central tomorrow for my regular weekday show.
But what do you guys make of that poll?
I think it's those that are actually paying attention.
They know the reality.
They know that Donald Trump was telling the truth more often than Kamala Harris was.
So of course they're going to side with Donald Trump.
The issue is that your audience is actually privy to the truth.
Those watching ABC News on the regular have no idea.
As I said before, they are going to Well, I totally agree.
to authority, they're gonna say that these newsmen must be telling me the truth when
they fact check Donald Trump and they don't fact check Kamala Harris. Well, that means
that he's lying and she's telling the truth. It's not reality. It's totally an inversion,
but that's how it works.
I totally agree.
Go ahead. Sorry.
Robert. Hey, Alex, it's Andrew Meyer.
Hey, man.
Robert Griffin III, he's a famous NFL player. He put out a poll, same poll that you put out,
and he has a very mainstream, maybe liberal audience even, and the results right now are
63% said that Trump won the debate.
So that's not our audience, that's not, you know, Uh, right wing Twitter or Alex Jones.
That's mainstream.
By the way, Andrew, I'm glad you're here.
A good friend of mine made the Alex Jones video game.
Amazing guy.
Love you to death.
I wanted to just say I was about to say to the crew, hey, pull up all the mainstream polls.
They're saying between 55 and 70% Trump win.
So even mainstream dumbos say Trump won.
Andrew, sorry to interrupt.
Go ahead.
All good.
I think Trump had a lot of really good moments.
Even the debate moderators had to cut him off because his momentum was so strong.
He was killing it talking about energy.
Every time he talked about the border, he put his challenge to Kamala, why don't you close the border right now?
They had to cut him off and shift it.
And he had some moments that are going to go viral.
Everyone's talking about he stole her thunder saying, I'm talking.
That stuff is going to play in social media.
Twitter or not, that stuff is gonna get out there.
It's very, very funny what Trump did and it's gonna go viral.
Just one more quick point before I do want to hear from Chase and Owen, those are my
guys, but I did think that, actually go ahead.
Sorry.
Go ahead, Chase.
I want to hear from you, man.
Well, I'm just thinking about this from like a 30,000 foot view.
And if we think about it in terms of the zeitgeist, the spirit of the times among the people, I think Roger's right.
I think the other analysts here are right that people understand that things are not better than they were four years ago.
And I think that subconsciously as well, people understand that the three great years of Trump's presidency Outshine the one bad year, and I think they understand whether they admit it or not, that a lot of the pain and suffering that we felt economically as a people during the pandemic were not Trump's fault.
I think everybody knows that it's a low blow.
It's a cheap shot to say that he left us with a terrible economy.
I think everybody both left and right in terms of voters.
understand that comparing a post-pandemic economy to an economy in the midst of a pandemic
with lockdowns and all those things is just an unfair comparison there.
And so ultimately, I think what people are going to go to the polls thinking on November
5th is, do we want America to look like it looked in its prime in 2019, or do we want
it to look like it's looked the last three and a half years?
And I think, at least I hope, that the American people remember what 2019 felt like and looked like.
My business was booming.
I know others were as well.
No, I totally agree.
Let me ask you this, Chase.
And Steve Bannon's cousin got a vote during that, right?
Chase, finish your point, but I got to say this.
I want to ask everybody this question.
Taylor Swift, they had this waiting in the wings for tonight, like it was, you know, to say she endorses her and she won.
What do you make of that, Chase?
I think you're right.
Roger's interpretation of that is, I think, reasonable, but mine is a little bit different.
I don't think that she waited to make her decision.
I think that she knew that she was going to post that at the time that she posted that for days.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I'm typing in Trump-Harris debate, and all I'm hearing is Taylor Swift.
Exactly.
And it's her supporting Kamala Harris, and it's her being a single cat lady, and it's her kind of controlling the narrative here.
Again, this is what the corporate media is going to be running with.
You see them with crap-eating grins right now.
They're kind of celebrating this kind of moment, which you should be worried about, because I think this is one of many surprises that are still yet to come.
Just nearly 50 days away from, of course, the election and November 5th.
So these are just one of the tricks out of many tricks that are going to be played on the American people.
As of course, I think it's fair to say that we all know who the ABC anchors will be voting for.
As of course, the race right now is for undecided Americans.
The people in Michigan, the people in Pennsylvania, the people in Nevada will be deciding the future of this country.
How they were swayed and affected by the media today, I think is going to be very important to look at.
Because this is essentially a race to see if the corporate media is going to win and be more powerful here or independent media.
Who will win this larger battle?
We will see when the polls come out of this because me watching this, this was a Maoist struggle session.
This was a rigged debate.
I see it and this makes me want to support Donald Trump more.
Will the average American in the middle see this the same way?
We're going to see that in a few days.
I think the important thing too is that because you now have Dick Cheney and basically the entire Rhino old guard that's coming out in support of Kamala Harris, it's actually a really cathartic moment.
Agreed.
Because this is how this system has worked for the longest time.
Mitch McConnell or Lindsey Graham would walk through the halls of Congress and they would dap up Kamala Harris when they saw her.
These people are all friends.
The entire faux opposition is nonsense.
We now know it.
It is us against them.
It's basically MAGA versus the regime.
And I think I know what side I'm on.
I want to hear from Owen Schroer, my old co-host at the original The Real War Room Show.
Owen, what did you think of this?
Well, 100%, let's just be clear, 100% Taylor Swift's post was planned hours ago, if not days ago.
They even had the whole cat thing because they know people like pet videos.
But Taylor Swift is not going to change anybody's opinion on this election.
Most Taylor Swift fans are probably Donald Trump voters.
I think you'll see that in her replies.
The truth of the matter is, this debate is not going to change the trajectory of this election either.
I wouldn't be surprised that when the ratings for this debate come out, they're extremely low, actually.
Most of my friends were not interested, not watching.
What is going to change the trajectory of this election Is getting illegal voters off the voter rolls, making sure non-citizens don't vote, and monitoring mail-in ballots and drop boxes.
Quite frankly, that's all that matters.
Donald Trump and Kamala Harris can do 30 debates, they can do 100 debates, they can do no debates.
It's not going to make a difference.
I would say most voters have made up their mind at this point.
So I don't think Taylor Swift, I don't even think this debate has any impact on the trajectory.
It's going to be all about election integrity.
And that's why, and Alex, you have the document on your desk right here, that's why the Justice Department just came out this week and said, oh, if you don't clear your voter rolls within 90 days of an election, then you don't get to clear the voter rolls.
Show folks this overhead shot.
I know Texas has pulled over a million off illegal aliens.
Here's why they're doing this.
You have Virginia that pulled off hundreds of thousands of illegal votes.
You had Texas that pulled off over a million illegal votes.
You have Nevada that pulled off hundreds of thousands of illegal votes.
You have Georgia that pulled off hundreds of thousands of illegal votes.
Florida was way ahead on this.
They did this year.
And they only won by like what?
It was like 6,000.
Beyond the margin of victory.
Beyond the margin of victory was the illegal votes that were pulled off.
But I forgot, I looked it up like last month on air, or a few weeks ago, like he lost Georgia by like 6,000, Michigan by like... It was 12,000.
What?
It was 12,000 and there were more illegal, and this was the, this was what they wanted for it.
Well one of the states it was 6,000.
Michigan was less than 15.
It might have been Nevada.
It might have been Nevada.
But they won in Georgia, and I believe it was, they found 17,000 illegal votes.
Biden won Georgia by 12,000 votes.
That's why Donald Trump kept saying, hey, look at the votes, look at the votes, look at the votes.
It was beyond the margin of victory.
So, but I think those states are decided.
I don't think the Department of Justice is going to go into Texas and Georgia and Nevada and Florida and Virginia and North Carolina and say, oh, no, the people you removed, you got to put them back on.
They're allowed to vote.
This is about Michigan and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, where there's ongoing legal battles And Arizona, actually.
The four swing states where there are ongoing legal battles to get the non-voters, to get the illegal voters off the rolls.
That's what this is about.
So the Democrats are going to come forward and their lawyers and their Supreme Court justices at the state level and their state legislatures are going to say, oh, well, gee, yeah, you found hundreds of thousands of illegal votes on the rolls, but see, the Department of Justice says we can't remove them so they get to vote in this election.
That's why they did this.
But the good news is, This is the good news.
Donald Trump doesn't have to win Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, or Arizona to win this election.
He has a path to 270 without those states.
So that's what matters in this election.
If it's a free and fair election, Trump probably wins 45 states.
I mean, who knows?
But that's not what we're up against.
So I don't really care about Taylor Swift and her cat.
Donald Trump won this debate probably 60-40, maybe it changed some voters' minds, but that's really the story that we're up against, and I think that it's very important that the RNC focuses on that, and these lawyers do not give up this fight, because that's the real battle here.
I have two concerns, to be quite honest.
I still think that Donald Trump is going to win this election, but you noticed that the executive orders regarding foreign interference in our elections were renewed 48 hours ago, which gives the federal government broad powers if they find evidence of foreign interference in our elections and the cyber security and, pardon me, infrastructure regulators are also back to the same thing
of leaning on all forms of media for widespread censorship. Those are the two
troubling things to me.
In other words, Trump could win but then you've already seen Jamie Raskin
announce their plan. They're not going to certify him because they're going to
find foreign interference in the election which didn't exist in
2016 and doesn't exist today.
You know, Roger, I think that that's such an important point that you make.
And so, see, that's what I'm saying.
We kind of, and we, even the most informed of us that are hawks like us, even we kind of get distracted by the shiny objects.
And look, we talk politics.
It's what we do.
It's fun.
This is what people want to hear.
But at the end of the day, you're right.
They've already said Nancy Pelosi, Jamie Raskin, Chuck Schumer.
Civil war conditions.
No, they've already said, oh well, you know, we're just not going to certify.
We're setting it up and we're just not going to certify if Trump wins.
And let me just add to this right now.
This is important.
Let's go back.
You're right.
We get distracted by the shiny objects.
You got to cover them.
They just three-on-one him.
He still won the debate.
She had some talking points memorized.
She had low expectations.
She did better than we thought.
Still terrible.
Total lies.
Got to hit her on the lies.
We got to all produce the information.
Show the lies like we did earlier.
Her lies on fragging.
Her lies on wanting to ban guns.
Devastating.
He needs to run national ads with that.
I don't want to take your guns.
I didn't say ban fracking, you liar.
I want to ban fracking, I want to ban fracking, I want to ban fracking.
I don't want so many clips to make your head spin.
We got to hit them, hit them, hit them.
They're going to lie to you on every point.
They're going to wreck this country.
They're the ones politically coming after us, the police.
Everything said about him is a lie.
She said that he's going to politically persecute them.
They're the ones politically persecuting us.
They threw you in prison for absolutely nothing and said in the federal filing, you lied, you don't work at Infowars.
I mean, these people are dangerous.
And recap, Luke Rutkowski, I know you're on it.
Because you're just as good as I am or better at reminding them.
How many, I mean, they've all been saying, not just Raskin, we're going to have a civil war, we're not going to accept it, we're not going to certify.
While they're claiming Trump's going to dispute it, but they're actually preparing to dispute it if he wins.
Luke?
Well, Alex, we've been warning about the radicalization of the political system for about 15 years now, specifically talking about the larger echo chambers and the larger kind of manipulated conversations we are seeing by these orchestrated social media companies that, of course, perverse the conversation, absolutely rotted, absolutely destroyed.
I think what we're seeing here today is the kind of perfect forecast of what would have probably happened if they were successful in taking out Donald Trump.
If that attempt on his life was successful, I think we would have been seeing those conditions exacerbated and put into play where the American people would have been fighting each other inside of the streets domestically here inside of the United States.
We luckily avoided that situation, but right now with Kamala Harris, she needs to be questioned about her BLM record.
She needs to be questioned about the money that she was raising for the people that were arrested during that particular riot.
She is the CIA candidate, and her bringing up, again, Dick Cheney, John McCain here, highlights exactly how she is doing the bidding of these intelligence agencies.
These are individuals that I confronted.
I called both of them war mongerers and war criminals to their face, and these are the larger kind of orchestrated schemes that we are seeing behind the scenes being carried out and played out here.
There's a reason she didn't want to do the Fox News debate.
There's a reason we had a rigged debate.
Now, what are we going to be seeing from here?
I mean, it's just going to be bedlam.
It's just going to be absolute craziness.
And I do foresee the larger possibility of Joe Biden just essentially being used as a ploy here, as a puppet, as a tool, and just used for whatever purposes Kamala Harris will use him for in order to, of course, help her and the larger puppet system that she represents be, of course, promoted even more from here.
There's still a very long way between now and November 5th, but during this time period, I think it's going to be critically important to pay attention to what's going on, not fall for the traps, not fall for the PSYOPs, the false flags out there, because again, there could be a possibility Biden is taken out, the right wing is blamed, therefore the conditions for a civil war are even fostered, therefore more, and therefore more likely to of course have Well, that's the point.
With 55 days left, this is the most dangerous time in American history.
Since we're all talking about the money shot when Trump took her line we all expected her to use, but I'm talking right now and did it.
I want to play that clip for everybody right now, and then I've got some of the other amazing things.
Trump spotlights Haitian migrants in Springfield, Ohio.
They're eating dogs, they're eating cats, they're eating the pelts off people.
And what's crazy is, that's all of the police cams the news reported.
Oh, we called the city manager.
It's not true.
What does a city manager even have to do that?
I mean, look, Haiti is hell, folks.
They eat, there's no dogs and cats.
They've deforested the whole thing.
I mean, I'm sorry.
What is a city manager you're gonna have to do that?
Like, that's not even who you would call.
We have all the police reports and arrests and a woman in the yard eating the cat
while it's half alive, like a vampire.
My cat!
I mean, just- Imagine, Alex, you're a Haitian.
You get transported.
You don't even know what the hell's going on.
You get told, free stuff, come to America.
You get transported into middle America, into town.
You don't know what the hell's going on.
You walk into a park, and you just see live animals, and that's just like, oh, yeah, I eat live animals.
Oh, look, a duck, a goose.
Yeah, I'm gonna go eat that animal.
And we have them killing them, grabbing them all on video.
And then they've doubled the car wrecks in the town, the rate of car wrecks, and then they're saying it's not happening.
No, but Alex, the border crossings are down, and Joe Biden is sharp as a tack, and, you know, Haitians are in Ohio.
So we're getting that clip.
I just sent it to the guy.
I said I'd see it on the list.
Maybe it's there.
I missed it.
And we created 818,000 new jobs.
Oh, wait a minute.
It was 600,000, and most of them were part-time jobs.
These people just lied to non-citizens.
Yeah.
Here's the money shot clip.
Here it is.
Very exciting.
Look at that money shot.
That's good.
Look at that.
Hey guys, I wanted to play the clip of them saying where he takes her line and uses it back on her.
Excuse me.
Well, we'll come back to it later.
I'm going to go find out what's going on.
You've got to also get the song that Alex once sang when Conan O'Brien was saying how great Haiti is.
Alex created a song that lives in internet lore.
Coconut milk and how wonderful Haiti is.
One of the funniest things on the internet.
Alex, I actually have the shot here.
Go ahead.
We'll get the audio.
We'll get it figured out.
Kamala is a nasty bitch, okay?
Just take one look, okay?
If you look at me right now, look at me.
I'm a golden toad, okay?
Golden toad.
You look over there.
That's a nasty bitch, okay?
That's condescending, resting bitch face.
You've seen it.
The guys know.
Look at me now.
You know.
You're sitting at home.
Your wife should be in the kitchen making you a sandwich.
You got dirty dishes because Kamala Harris is on TV with a condescending, resting bitch face.
We've all seen it.
We cannot let that... Do you think Putin wants to deal with that?
Do you think Putin wants to deal with that?
Do you think if Kamala Harris goes over to the Middle East and sits down with that condescending resting bitch face, do you think they're going to listen to her?
I don't think so.
No, I don't think so.
Nooks will be flying.
Thank you, Owen.
That was 10 times better than Trump's delivery.
Somebody had to do it.
I don't know what, you know, we were, for whatever reason, we can't get the damn audio.
Thank you, Roger.
You're doing a great job.
Let me tell you.
I went on with Sean Hannity after the debate.
You know, he was anti-Trump for a couple years, and he sets me up with questions to make me look bad, but I still go on with Hannity, and it's fine.
It's fine.
I should probably be on with Infowars and Luke Rutkowski, but it's fine.
We go on with Hannity.
It's a big audience, and we think we did well.
We think we did well.
What are you supposed to do?
I thought I was going into a debate with an Asian Indian woman.
I was preparing for an Indian woman, and I was getting used to the curry and everything else, and then all of a sudden she's black.
And now I don't know what to do.
And she's in a bathtub with collard greens, okay?
So many different spices.
And if you ever see Kamala Harris, and she comes up to you with a plate of collard greens, do not eat them, okay?
Because it's the same bathtub where she washes her dirty ass.
All right?
We cannot be eating that.
That's a special spice.
All right?
She goes into the spice store.
She's in the spice store with all of her spices.
But no, let me tell you, the spice is her ass, okay?
And she's washing the collard greens with her ass spice.
No.
No, don't eat her collard greens.
No.
Oh, my goodness, brother.
Very good.
You know, the other thing I think here is that the vice presidential debate now will happen.
It's going to take on a greater significance.
They are probably celebrating tonight because she didn't fall on her face.
And the media is going to give her a huge lift here, regardless of what people actually think.
ABC will already touting her as the winner.
Jake Tapper actually pre-taped his declaration of her as the winner prior to tonight's broadcast, be my guess.
And you're absolutely right, the more I think about it.
The Taylor Swift thing was meant to grab the pop culture news in the wake of this, no matter what happened.
Exactly.
It's more or less a distraction because most of, I would imagine, most of her listeners are young, unmarried women who are voting 80% Democrat regardless.
If they're voting at all.
follows the pattern as well with Kamala and her like concerts that she's throwing, which
are supposed to be like rallies, but they're actually like concerts with pop stars and
all of these entertainers.
Yeah, this is not just going to be an Instagram post here.
There's going to be concerts, there's going to be events, there's going to be, of course,
larger celebratory events here that they're going to be playing off and getting people
to actually go out there and vote because of this.
So again, we can't underscore the significance here as there's also a lot of kind of serious
concerns and questions about her ties and potentially her being used as some kind of
larger ploy for the establishment here.
The game is rigged, and we have to understand that the top echelons of all these celebrities, of all these people, of the Federal Reserve banking system, of the multinational corporations, they're all coalescing around Kamala Harris.
There's no top Fortune 500 company CEO that's supporting Donald Trump.
And that's the greatest endorsement.
That's the greatest endorsement Trump could ever have.
He's definitely a maverick.
Elon sees it.
I want to talk about Elon with you guys here in a few minutes, but since I have the clips, I was confusing the guys, sending them so many, it's my fault that we didn't have it ready.
Here is the money shot, and then we have him about eating the dogs and cats, which is happening.
I can show you countless videos of police reports of it, but here is the clip of him hitting back at Kamala.
Fracking?
She's been against it for 12 years.
Defund the police.
She's been against that forever.
No, she's for it.
She gave all that stuff up very wrongly, very horribly.
She's shaking her head, though.
And everybody's laughing at it, okay?
They're all laughing at it.
She gave up at least 12 and probably 14 or 15 different policies.
Like, she was big on defund the police.
In Minnesota, she went out... Wait a minute, I'm talking now.
Does that sound familiar?
And there's Steven Crowder and crew knocking it out of the park.
So guys, I just wanted to play that because you mentioned it.
That was hilarious.
I think he did it three different times, actually.
I think there were three times he did it.
Yeah, and now here's the big one where she's caught in a lie.
Now, all the reporters are down there with the police reports, the squad car footage.
We already showed it earlier tonight.
Literally, you go out in your yard and there's a crazy Haitian woman hissing with your cat bloody drinking blood out of its neck.
I mean, they're not, I mean, this is kook.
I mean, folks, Haiti's like devil worshiper central.
We've sent the crew down there.
They came back and they're like, oh my God.
I mean, it is, it is bonkerville.
In Little Haiti, here in Miami, you can't go into basically any Haitian store without seeing a shrine.
It's a demonic shrine.
They're all over here in Little Haiti.
But the thing I really want to say is Owen and Roger were hitting on points that I think everybody needs to keep in mind because I think we are going to win this election.
I asked Darren Beatty what's the most important thing that Trump can do, and he talked about poll watchers.
Arizona and North Carolina, they've got Democrat governors, but they've got red populations.
These are states that we should win.
We need to be watching the polls.
But even then, even if we're winning these states, Jamie Raskin has said, as Roger pointed out, the take care clause of the Constitution, they don't want to certify this election.
Everything they accused Donald Trump of, oh he's not going to leave office.
They don't want to leave power, even if he wins legitimately.
So people need to strap in and be ready.
The election night is not going to be the end of the election.
It's going to take weeks.
No, and they're preparing to recycle the Russian collusion hoax all over again.
You could already see it.
Oh yeah.
They're already ramping that up.
They had no evidence last time.
There is no evidence this time.
I covered it on the Stone Zone yesterday and today, but you can see that coming.
This is an incredibly exciting time.
I want to point something out.
We aired this right before we came on with you guys.
I'm really proud of it.
It's what Trump's campaign had to be.
It's her saying, I don't want to ban your guns, then saying, I want to ban your guns, want to ban your guns.
And it's her saying, I don't want to ban fracking.
You're a liar, Trump.
And then saying, I'm going to ban fracking.
It's breaking Trump releases official.
We put that in quotes.
Campaign ad showcasing Kamala Harris' massive lies on a gun confiscation and banning fracking.
Obviously, I'm trying to get Trump to make a campaign ad like this.
It won't have the clip of me talking over it or whatever.
This is a big deal.
I mean, she told some whoppers, and that's how we counter the three-on-one, them piling on our champion.
We kick ass in the info war now more than ever.
Roger, Luke, Crew, Owen, Chase Geiser, everybody.
What do you think we all need to do with 54 days out?
Go time.
What do we do?
I think we apply pressure to the RNC to make sure that they don't lose these legal battles that are ongoing.
They don't take a knee to the Justice Department saying, nope, illegals get to vote.
They don't cave on the SAVE Act like Thomas Massey and Marjorie Taylor Greene called out Mike Johnson for yesterday and today.
Right now in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, the Democrats have, I think it's like nine to one poll watchers.
So we all know what that means.
When the Republican poll watchers go home, the magic truckloads of ballots for Kamala Harris will arrive.
So they cannot give up these fights.
They have to stay steadfast on these fights.
I think they understand it.
I really do.
I do think they understand it.
But that's going to be key.
Now, I would like to see more ads from Trump reaching the normies.
I don't think you gain much ground on social media where you already dominate and you get advertising for free.
You need to wade into the waters of NFL games and college football games and popular TV shows and that stuff because that's where the normies are at.
And that's where you hit them with those ads that you're talking about, Alex.
Absolutely.
A key point here, though, that is, let's recognize that neither you nor we live in a swing state and that the recent Trump campaign ad about Bidenomics, comparing today's actual facts with her giggling about the success of Bidenomics, has been incredibly successful.
We've been running very heavily on all medium in the swing states.
It's going to come down to about six states and about 60 counties.
And that is happening.
You don't get that feeling, you know, when you're not in a swing state.
I saw a credible survey today, a poll taken on behalf of a statewide Democrat in Pennsylvania, where three weeks ago, Kamala Harris was leading by three.
The new poll, she was leading by one, and the gain by Trump, particularly in the collar counties around Philadelphia, has been almost solely on the economic issue, which shows you that that ad has penetrated.
It's been the best ad I think And by the way, I had the Rasmussen head polster on, Mark Mitchell.
He agreed.
He said Trump's getting way more support in 2016, way more than 2020, when you were concerned saying it was so close, because the Q people had people asleep thinking he was invincible.
Literally, that lost it for us.
I mean, he really won, but not by enough to beat the fraud.
He's saying he's seeing just massive support and swings in the swing states, and the Republicans just concentrate there.
I think we're going to win this thing, Roger.
Again, my greatest concern is not winning it.
I think we are going to win it if winning is defined by getting more votes than Kamala Harris.
My concern is their use of the levers of government through the CISA and through these executive orders pertaining to the foreign interference that they will no doubt find that Mary McCord and Andrew Weissman and the usual suspects Raskin and Dan Goldman.
These people are evil, and they're going to try to deny Donald Trump's right to be certified when he gets more votes than Kamala Harris.
So what do we do about that?
Well, I'm not a lawyer.
That's something that's got to be thought through.
But, you know, right now, Owen is right, which means We had some in our camp right up until the time Biden dropped.
We were on the cusp of a landslide.
Folks, there's not going to be any landslide.
Every single vote will count here.
We've got to grind this out.
You've got guys like Cliff Maloney and others on the ground in Pennsylvania, still registering people,
grinding it out.
That's absolutely crucial at this point. Take nothing for granted, assume the worst,
and get out there and find every single vote and make sure they vote. Now, our people,
they're so distrustful of the system, a disproportionate number of them will vote
in person on election day because they feel that if they mail their mail-in ballot,
they're not sure it'll ever really get counted.
And by the way, in some states, that's a very legitimate concern.
I want to keep going to all you guys here, because I really respect all of your opinions.
It's so amazing to be here with all of you, the millions that are watching on different platforms right now.
But we did get the clip.
Um, I sent the wrong clips to her.
They're like, we don't have that clip.
We have the clip of him talking about the dogs and cats being eaten.
I think this was a crazy moment where she just laughs and says, I don't know what world I'm in.
I feel like I'm in fantasy land.
No, this is the reality.
They deny the Islamic garbage and all their attacks.
And now major cities playing call to prayer, but they banned church bells back in the nineties because the atheists don't like it.
They deny the Venezuelan gangs running around MS-13.
Now they deny the Haitians.
I mean, I'm sorry, literally running around, like, beyond cavemen.
I mean, it's the most insane place on earth, literally run by Satan.
And it's hell.
And then they're importing where a third of the town is them, and they're going to bring more.
They give them $3,000 a month, and citizens get a few hundred bucks of their own welfare, of food stamps.
That's federal $3,000.
They get 1,000 local, and the feds are dumping money in to do this.
And then they're eating the cats, the dogs, they're butchering them in the front yards, they're eating them in their front yards.
I mean, this is psycho-level crap.
There's video of them grabbing geese, cutting their heads off, and then she just says it's all made up, like they do with the Venezuelan gangs and everything else.
No, you're the ones that say two men can have a baby, and that a boy can be a girl.
So let's roll that clip.
In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in.
They're eating the cats.
They're eating... They're eating the pets of the people that lived there.
And then they have mainstream media claiming he's lying.
He's telling the truth.
This is what's happening in our country, and it's a shame.
While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
Okay, so we've got one more new clip.
This is Trump.
This just came out, responding after the debate.
Here is Trump saying that he wants a rematch, that he defeated Kamala.
Here it is.
Why won't you commit to a second debate with Kamala Harris?
She wants a second debate because she lost tonight very badly.
So they immediately called for a second debate because they lost.
So we'll, you know, think about that.
But she immediately called for a second.
Look, we're looking at polls.
By the way, you don't see Kamala.
She did one CNN report and a couple of talking to cameras previously.
Roger, I want to get back to everybody saying what we need to do to win this election, what the enemy's going to do, but real quick, Roger or anybody else.
But notice she's still hiding.
I wonder why she didn't go out and talk to the crowd like Trump did.
Yeah, because she can only operate within this kind of structured situation where everything is memorized.
So any contemporaneous questions she gets, she can't handle.
If you saw her out on a walk with her husband the other day and reporters shouted at her, she didn't even answer those.
Reporters I know tell me when she goes from the plane to the car, she won't answer questions.
Or on a few occasions, she pulls out a notebook and reads from it.
So, I think she's a total robot.
She did a very good job of memorizing her lines, but that's what leads me to believe that she had every one of these questions in advance.
She knew the structure of this debate.
She knew when they were going to challenge Trump on January 6th and so on.
I think it was very apparent.
Luke kind of picked it up before I did, but I think it's right on the money.
And remember how CNN got caught back in 2016 giving Hillary the questions.
So this is done.
But we still had Donna Brazile tonight on ABC as if she's some, you know, trustworthy actor and her analysis is important.
If her IQ is one point lower, you'd have to water her like a plant, too.
Yeah, the ABC News literally had the person who rigged the presidential debates for Hillary Clinton on right before the presidential debates.
It's almost as if they were kind of bragging about it, showing this directly in our face.
They reward their Brian Williams types, don't they?
Exactly.
So if you do the bidding for the industrial media complex, they, of course, will keep bringing you back, keep making sure that you're going to be the main person that everyone listens to.
But I think this election cycle, we absolutely have to be patient.
We absolutely, most importantly, have to We have to be non-violent, non-reactive, but we have to be engaged in the discourse.
We have to be vocal, we have to be respectful, and we have to move forward in a way where we are going to be hypercritical of everything moving forward, but engaging with local conversations, with your neighbors, with loved ones, with people at the supermarket, at the bank, starting conversations and talking to people on a one-on-one basis is the true power that we have here.
They have the corporate media.
media, they have the CIA, they have the PSYOPs, they have all the psychological operations
and the tricks in their books that they play and utilize, but what they don't have is the
truth.
We do, and that's why it's more important than ever to preach it, to talk about it,
and to engage with it as best as we can on an individual, one-on-one basis.
Because Alex, you wouldn't be here, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for people sharing our
content, getting the word out there.
But it's only because of these people why we are still here under tremendous attack
There's so many bad things that they did to us, there's so many lies that they spread about us, but the truth in front of our own eyes and ears cannot be denied, and that is the power that we have all within us to take advantage of right now more than ever.
And their grip is loosening, regardless.
That's why they're bringing in Total Tyranny.
By the way, Roger said it.
Luke said it.
I said it.
And obviously, we've been taking a lot of calls and stuff.
We've got like eight people here on the panel.
But tomorrow, my show and other shows, everyone's going to be taking your calls and everything else.
Maybe later, we'll get some calls from some X-Spaces folks.
They're listening right now after we break with these wonderful folks and let them finish up what they're doing.
We're going to continue on as well.
But just looking at this, Trump has come out, put up deadline live.
Trump is saying it was three on one and that it was rigged.
Donald Trump attacks ABC as bias for Kamala Harris claims that they basically gave the questions in advance.
But bigger than that, you can't prove that it was obvious.
But larger than that was them fact-checking him with BS, interrupting him and not her.
That, to me, was out in the open, putting their ass on the scale.
It was very obvious that they didn't fact-check Kamala at all.
She brought up the very fine people hoax that even Snopes has debunked at this point, which Roger talked about.
But it's 2016 energy.
2016, the debates were rigged.
Donna Brazile is on there.
They're treating her like she's legitimate.
But one thing that shifted things in 2016 You know, Luke and I, we are changed.
We broke the spirit cooking story in 2016.
When people get eye-to-eye with the Satanism that these people really have behind the curtain, they really don't like it.
And Andrew, speak to that, because you guys broke that.
You and Luke did break that.
You're the famous Don't Taser Me Bro.
You've been around forever.
Great guy.
You again made the Alex Jones video game.
It's amazing.
Wonderful person with your crew.
Go back to the spirit cookie, and that went into WikiLeaks after that.
I remember we had one article on InfoWars with like 90 million people that clicked on it, but you guys really were the first to get that going.
When people come face to face with this, we call them devil worshipers.
It's not like they just do it to shock us.
We got to WikiLeaks.
They do Aleister Crowley rituals.
They're asking for dark devil.
They ask demonic angels to give them power and to enter them.
This is not a game, people.
Yeah, they're literally summoning demons.
And Alex, you were talking about this way longer than I have.
I've been talking about this for a very long time.
But Cassandra Fairbanks and Andrew were able to go through the DNC emails that were released and we specifically found those specific references.
We found out what they meant.
We got the video footage.
We packaged it and we got it out there to the world.
To make them realize the true type of craziness that they are absolutely involved in that is sinister, that is demonic, and does represent the larger power establishment and the larger evil that all of them are representing and moving forward with.
You could see it.
You could taste it.
It's there.
And as you're playing the clips right now, this is exactly This is exactly what they don't want you to see.
This is the conversation that they don't want you to have.
And luckily we have great people like Cassandra and Andrew that have been with me for a very long time.
Stephanie also has been with me for a very long time here as well.
That have been working dedicated towards releasing this information to the general public when previously the corporate media said you were crazy for even bringing up or saying actually existed.
Well it is.
And now it's one of the top trends.
I interrupted you, Andrew, but you've researched the occult.
We've talked on the phone and in person.
They're really getting energy out of this.
From your research of these dark arts, what are they doing?
Well, one of the things that they're doing that I think is waking people up, they dump these 20,000 migrants into Ohio.
And, you know, there's a lot of great Haitians, a lot of Haitians that love God and that they're Christian, but there also is a very serious element that does voodoo.
There's botanicas all over Little Haiti and Miami.
And it's the nastiest energy in the world.
And I brought up spirit cooking because when middle America got eye to eye and they saw the real Satanism that's behind this Democrat campaign, and you know they do these rituals at the Super Bowl, these demonic rituals.
When people see these stories, hey, they're dropping people that literally worship demons into the middle of Springfield, Ohio.
People get a look at that stuff and they are taken aback by it.
Because the Satanism is real.
And you asked, you know, what can we do to really win this election?
We have to do all the actions, poll watching, pushing the lawyers to fight the battles ahead of time.
But we also, at the end of the day, we got to call on God.
We got to get on bended knee and ask God for help to win this election.
Because if we don't win this, this is the end of America.
We got to call on God to save America, save this nation, and save this world.
I agree.
I think that A news analyst that just asked Trump that question may have answered my prayer when she said, are you going to offer her another debate?
As far as I'm concerned, if I'm Donald Trump, I am taking 1000 bites of that apple.
Every time she is forced to speak, she has a chance of saying something horrifically stupid and just totally ruining her reputation and her political career.
I was very upset that he had negotiated, or that he had been negotiated, into doing only one debate into incredibly unfriendly territory on ABC, as we saw with this three-on-one performance this evening.
I would love to see him debate at least one more time, preferably two or three more times, really force this lady to actually answer some questions, maybe don't have such biased moderation.
I think it could be incredibly beneficial to him.
I totally agree.
I'd like to see another debate, and I certainly want to see a vice presidential debate, but I would like to see at least one other presidential debate.
I think, in all honesty, she thinks she won tonight, and therefore she may take the bait to go for another debate, and that would be outstanding.
Didn't it say that she asked for another one?
Those are the reports, but we haven't heard it from Kamala herself.
And we probably never will.
Just something real quick, since we showed the headline of Trump saying this, the crew found the clip.
We've got to reboost all these Trump responses because he's powerful in these.
Here he is talking about the debate being rigged, and I'm thinking they gave her the question beforehand.
Here it is.
I'm going into very hostile territory shortly on a debate with ABC, George Slopidopoulos and that group.
And ABC, I think, is the worst of everybody.
I think they're the worst.
They're the nastiest.
They're as bad as you can be.
They're worse than NBC, which is saying a lot.
And we have something coming.
And the reason I'm doing it is because that's the only one that she would do it with, because her best friend is the head of ABC or ABC News, and her husband's best friend is married to that one.
So, and Donna Brazile is there.
You remember the famous Donna Brazile?
She gave Hillary Clinton the questions.
You remember that?
That was a little embarrassing.
She got fired, I assume, for that.
But now she's working at ABC.
So, I said, I'll do it anyway.
Because even if she knows the answers and knows the questions, I don't think she'll be very good.
And this is not what our country wants, and I feel I have an obligation to do it.
And she'd never stand up here like this and give a news conference.
All right, let's stop.
Rob New just brought this in.
It's all over Twitter.
Rob, you've got my ex-account.
Post this.
This is dead on the same earring.
Kamala clearly was wearing this system.
Look at this.
This is a known, um, Earpiece that looks like an earring.
There it is.
The Nova H1 audio earrings, earphones embedded in earrings.
Nova H1 earrings, the first and only wireless earphones embedded in part of the pearl earrings on the gold and silver It's got a clip and it's got a clip.
You can see they put even stronger clip so it wouldn't fall off.
Right there, and I guess it's voice to skull.
It like rattles in so you can hear it.
This is crazy.
I mean, look at it's the same pearl earring.
If you look what she's wearing the same yellowish gleam, you can see some of the equipment inside of it right there.
You could.
You could.
Oh, my God.
I mean, this is this is insane.
I don't think it's the same thing.
I think if they were going to earpiece her, they would have had it in her right ear, where her hair was covering her ear.
I looked.
I didn't see anything.
Well, if you're going to rip everything, you're going to do it.
She had the answers to all the questions ahead of time, but she also had the moderators.
She went to rebut Trump one time, and the moderators cut her off to protect her from herself.
Yeah.
To divert the question and ask something else so that she couldn't hurt herself with her own rebuttal.
It was amazing how much the ABC moderators stepped in.
That's the one thing I wish Trump had done more, is call them out for their bias, because when he did that in previous debates, everybody loved it.
You know, it's hilarious that people just expect the Democrats to cheat on everything.
So at least we have that general understanding now.
So that's good to see.
Just, you know, expect the Democrats to lie, cheat, and steal.
She said that she's used those earrings before for audio.
So it looks like them, folks.
Yeah, I've got an image here.
I'll text to the crew.
My biggest frustration wasn't that Trump called out the moderators, because I think that would have I think it would have been better had he grilled Kamala.
She's giving you this mealy mouth nonsense that doesn't tell you anything about her policy proposals.
Demonstrate that.
I think it would have just been better had he grilled Kamala.
She's giving you this mealy mouth nonsense that actually doesn't tell you anything about
her policy proposals.
Demonstrate that.
Demonstrate that she has totally shifted who she claims to be in a four or five year period.
That's right.
And no one really knows what they're voting for.
He did emphasize that point one time, but I would have actually liked to see him push that question to her directly.
Say, who are you?
What are you actually proposing for the American people?
You're running to be the president United States.
And I feel like people don't even know what you actually believe in.
Is that not a concern to you?
Is that not a concern to the moderators?
Is that a concern to the audience, the American people?
Like, this is a big deal.
By the way, I watch your show sometimes, Luke, and I love the ladies talking.
We've kind of been dominating here.
What do the ladies think?
Steph?
Oh, well, I really think that what Clinton was saying was pretty on point, but I also feel that Trump was also really talking about how he perceived himself rather than like going at her.
I really enjoyed the way that he was drilling his points and really making them really clear.
Martha, what did you think?
I think Kamala really came after the women this time.
I mean, her entire speech was definitely focused on women.
And I think that she was just trying to appeal to us.
And apparently she thinks that most women aren't smart enough to see through the BS.
You know what I think we see tomorrow?
I think we see the follow-up focus groups, the follow-up interviews with, you know, undecided voters, specifically women.
And I bet they say Trump won.
I bet they say Trump won, and I bet that, just like every other time they've done this, they basically say they don't believe Kamala Harris, they don't think she's legitimate.
So, I expect to see that.
Maybe they air it tonight, but that's... Man, she's a creepy looking woman.
Yeah.
But if there is another debate, if there is another debate, Trump's people should demand to inspect the earrings prior to the debate.
Maybe a drug test or a breathalyzer as well.
No, we don't want that.
We want her on the drugs and the alcohol.
So that clip you just played, was that Trump or was that Owen Shroyer?
I'm a little confused.
We like Roger Stone when he's on the air with Alex Jones.
I'm not sure there's a better one-two punch ever.
I mean, you're talking Don Drysdale and Sandy Cohen.
I did a perfect job.
Perfect.
I won the debate, everybody knows it.
Perfect answer.
I had a whiff of, I think it was, it was kind of like a Pinot coming from Kamala Harris, maybe a Pinot Noir.
Well, bottom line, we're living in historic times, very dangerous times, insane times, and Chase Geyser, what do you think about the situation?
I mean, this has been something else.
I mean, that's a hell of a question, Alex, what I think about the situation.
I think Donald Trump was right.
He said it beautifully in his closing statement.
He told the truth.
That if Kamala Harris wins, we're going to have World War III.
We've got all these conflicts between Ukraine and Russia and Israel and the Gazans and potentially China and Taiwan.
None of which would be issues whatsoever had he been the president for the last four years.
And so I think this is an existential thing.
And there's a lot of reasons that I'm voting for Donald Trump.
But the main reason that I'm voting for him is simply because all of the world's supervillains hate him.
And he's one of the only people I can think of in the world like that.
RFK Jr.
is another example of someone like this as well, which is why I'm so pleased to see him join forces with Trump.
But that's all that anybody should need to know who to vote for.
And it's the fact.
Well, and then also as I ran for vice presidency under the Libertarian Party, came up short.
What I like to see is so many of the dissidents that I respect, like I don't perceive Vivek Ramaswamy to be like an old guard conservative.
He's certainly a new variant.
He's in the MAGA camp.
You got RFK Jr., you got Tulsi Gabbard, you got Eric and Brett Weinstein, who I respect tremendously.
I think that you're just seeing kind of this confluence of dissident thinkers, really like the rare people that see the truth in, well, we're awash in so much deception.
They are all coming together and kind of galvanizing behind not so much Donald Trump, but this movement to take our political establishment back from the powers that be.
I think that's what inspires me the most.
Yeah, and on the other side we got, you know, the John McCains, the Dick Cheneys, the Goldman Sachs, the military-industrial complex, the intel agencies, and the corporate media.
And the defense contractors.
And the entire Fortune 100.
Yes.
It's crazy.
By the way...
Kamala Harris endorser Taylor Swift has turned off the comments, turned off replies to her post.
So what did I tell you?
That wasn't going to go the way they expected.
She's full of World Economic Forum.
Most Swifties are Trump supporters.
And you know, Chase, I would just say in response, because I thought you were going to go with something more simple, like I'm voting for Donald Trump because I'm not an idiot.
That would work, too.
That would probably be the shorter answer.
Except I am an idiot, so... Well, the one thing I would just say in response to that, just from a philosophy standpoint, is I don't want to be the dog that gets wagged by the tail.
Where, hey, if all the bad guys say this is bad, then all of a sudden, you know, I like it.
Because that's kind of a dangerous psychology to go into anything with.
However, I do think in this case, it's pretty obvious.
The reason why all these, as you call them, super villains hate Donald Trump, because he really is trying to give the power back to the people.
And while it's like, I mean, quite frankly, it's like 10% of what it should be.
At least it's moving in the right direction.
You know, we've had all these different administration that's that's what's so ironic about Democrats Oh, look, we have George Bush and Dick Cheney.
You guys can have RFK and Tulsi.
Oh, OK.
Wow, what are you going to trade me next, like a million dollars for a ham sandwich?
So I think that when you when you see Trump getting in there and at least like moving it 10 percent in the right direction of where it needs to go.
And then you say, OK, well, what's next?
Well, maybe it's Vivek Ramaswamy.
And now he's like, hey, I want to slash the government down to like nothing.
Or maybe it's Elon Musk getting in there with the government efficiency program and saying, yeah, we got to cut this spending.
We got to figure out how.
So it's all about trends.
It's all about moving things in the right direction.
And I think that that's why they hate Donald Trump.
That's why they hate Elon Musk, and we're going to have disagreements on policy, and we're going to have disagreements on other things that come up, but it's all about moving humanity in the different direction from centralization, corporate world government, mandates, essentially communism in practice, versus what America was actually established for, the Revolutionary War, the shot heard around the world, the idea that the individual can be trusted with self-government.
The idea that the individual has rights from God, the creator, and that a king or an oligarch or any form of authority can't determine your future, your fate, your lineage.
And so that's what we need to get back to.
Well, they're after, I just wanted to point out, they're after a new world order.
They're after total information supremacy and domination and a lot of this started on 9-11.
Just a few minutes ago here on the east coast, the clock struck midnight and today, as of in the making of this video, it is 9-11 and I think Alex knows this more than anyone else.
This is one of the starts of the New World Order.
I think they are in full panic mode, trying to, of course, control it, trying to grow it, trying to sustain it.
And Koban was their next big assault to bring in their New World Order.
Exactly, and today should be a big reminder to everyone paying attention right now who has been awake for a very long time, just how destructive, just how capable the system is when it comes to, of course, running larger PSYOPs.
9-11 should be the big wake-up call for the average American out there to understand just how low down and dirty and sinister the government could act during times of crisis that they help engineer.
So this is something that, of course, we need to kind of hone in.
We need to understand, and we need to have a perspective.
We need to step back a little bit and understand, hey, the system will do unspeakable things to you and your family members, and we are just a few days away from one of the biggest deciding decisions of all of America.
We are simpatico because I got up to go tell them some headlines.
The great crib has been working some 18 hours, and I was thinking, what are Black Swan events?
9-11 is today.
It's already here.
I want to go ask Luke about the criminals we're up against and how they'll do anything.
What will they pull now?
They already tried to kill Trump on July 13th, and I literally walked in and sat down.
And my ass hits the chair, and you start saying that, so I'm going to ask everybody about Black Swans, 9-11, you know, Cheney, one of the main architects of it, we know, inside job, doing all this, and how low will these globalist scumbags go?
But first, a little levity.
I know the theme of your show is the German Shepherd.
It's right behind you.
For people that don't know, that dog... Let's punch up Luke Gorkowski, please.
That dog looks like he's very relaxed.
That is a loser dog voting.
Now, hold on a second.
It's the angle of that arm.
That angle of that arm is very suspicious right now.
It's a German Shepherd.
She's a female.
She's not a soy boy, okay?
She's a woman.
What's the dog's name?
Atlas Atlas Atlas Atlas Oh Atlas shrugged.
Yeah, she's based off Atlas Shrug.
She's smarter than most Democrats, and she is an awesome dog that is pretty much the mascot.
Can you give her a treat?
Can you give her a treat?
The Haitians, their mouths are watering right now.
Yeah, don't take her to Ohio, please.
No, no, no, no.
The Haitians will eat that dog in five minutes.
She's well-fed.
She's well-fed.
Oh, foie dog.
I love foie dog.
So she's very well trained and no one will be trying to eat her.
Is that like one of those Austrian shepherds or like a smaller German shepherd?
No, she's just a female.
Females are usually smaller than your average kind of other German shepherds.
But she is, again, incredibly smart and a looker.
And she's the mascot of this show as, of course, that's the kind of, you know, kind of antithesis of what we're trying to propel here and trying to represent here in the dog world, if we would.
Well, it's nice you can keep your German shepherd trained, unlike Joe Biden, whose whose dogs bite secretly and visit.
Don't talk about Kamala like that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Kamala doesn't bite.
That's how she worked her way up the system, you know?
Willie gave that to me.
I stand corrected on it.
Yeah, she blows.
She doesn't bite.
Did you guys see the video that came out?
The 95 ABC News report?
Where ABC News... We were playing that beforehand when she was asked if she was a child of Mayor Willie Brown.
Who, by the way, also got warnings specifically not to fly on 9-11 the day beforehand.
Very suspiciously.
And he told the San Francisco Chronicle that.
That's a fact.
So I'll ask everybody now.
What will the deep state do?
What desperate thing could they pull?
We were talking about this in the beginning of the broadcast.
We talked about it a little bit before this as well.
I think there's going to be a larger kind of potential false flag attack on the Democrats, potentially even Biden, to make right-wingers look absolutely awful, to make them look horrible.
And then comes, of course, the confiscations of people's self-defense tools.
Then comes the crackdown.
Then comes we need to shut down free speech platforms since they allowed this kind of Hatred and this type of rhetoric to be perpetrated here.
I think that's more of a likely scenario.
I'm also looking at Ukraine since of course they're also in a very desperate situation and there could be some desperate moves being made there and some other potential false flags on both sides of the conflict there that could engulf all of Europe and could also potentially create an emergency situation where things need to be locked down.
So I'm looking at both of those scenarios personally myself as hypotheticals of what potentially could happen here.
I think the October surprise is more likely to be.
I'm the moderate here.
I think that it's highly probable that Joe Biden will step down due to health reasons and they will make Kamala the incumbent to try and give her that boost in the polls.
My deepest concern is obviously I do believe that the Secret Service either stood down
or the government was actually actively involved in the attack on Donald Trump.
I'm not sure which, but it's certainly one or the other.
I think that there's a distinct possibility that they take another go at Donald Trump.
And if they think that that will create too, it'll be too obvious at this junction, maybe
Maybe they say, OK, we're just going to do the same thing we did with Trump during the first term.
We're going to we're going to impeach him over stuff that we're guilty of.
We're going to lie nonstop.
We're going to use the media apparatus to trying to suppress and not get his his his policy agenda implemented.
Because of the national debt, I mean, we're already pushing $1.2 trillion in national debt.
I could totally see them resetting the global economy.
We're sitting on quadrillions worth of debt worldwide.
My background is in finance.
I ran a mortgage company for a decade.
I'm extraordinarily nervous.
Regardless if he wins or loses, I think that the economic outlook for this country and for the world is in great, grave peril.
They would love to pull the ripcord while a populist right-wing leader is in the seat of power because then they can blame him and basically make populist right-wing movements look like they're the end of the world.
So that's my greatest fear right now.
I think we're looking at the recycling of the Russian collusion hoax.
It worked extraordinarily well for them the first time.
They're going to try it again.
They're already warning us about it, even though there's no evidence of it whatsoever.
Or maybe it's the Iranian folks.
That's the other one that's out there.
So I agree with Clint.
I think the greatest danger is to Donald Trump's person.
I pray every night for his protection because he's a force of nature.
They know that he cannot be stopped, that he won't quit.
That he can't be bought, that he can't be bullied.
And therefore, that's my greatest fear.
Another attack.
I don't think they'll try to shoot him again.
I think they'll try some other nefarious plot.
I hope I'm wrong.
But I wrote a book on the assassination of President Kennedy.
I'm working on a book on the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan.
And the more I read, and the more I see from people like Corey Mills, Congresswoman from Florida and Clay Higgins from Louisiana.
We're asking all the right questions about Butler, Pennsylvania, but we're not getting any of the answers.
That's my deepest concern.
Wait, hold on.
Atlas, what do you think?
She said that the globalists are trying to turn her gay.
Seriously, I want to play a clip of the press secretary just now, a few days ago, saying that Kamala was running things just as much as Biden, which we know neither one of them was running things.
But the fact that she's trying to say turn the page, she's been in charge according to them.
Here's the clip.
President Biden defined Vice President Harris as a progressive Democrat.
Look, the vice president has been a critical partner, a critical partner to this president.
All you gotta do is look at the record and what we have been able to do in the past three and a half years, the Biden-Harris administration's been able to do.
You think about the economy, you think about healthcare, and you think about these really important, generation-changing legislation that are not laws, obviously.
All right.
Well, I want to just say to Luke Rakowski and the whole great crew and Roger Stone, we're going to leave you guys here in a few minutes, and we're going to take some spaces, commenters, and let the viewers and listeners respond here for another hour or so.
I want to thank the crews who have been here since 6 a.m.
to do Harrison Show, American Journal, 8 a.m.
Central, my show, 11 a.m.
Central, Owens, 3 to 6 p.m.
It's been a real honor to be with you guys.
Incredible points.
And I really appreciate all you and the viewers on your great operations there.
Real quick, for my audience, for all of you guys, tell people how they find you and the great work you're doing.
Because we really, you know, we got Elon Musk, we got Tucker Carlson, we got all these big, huge guys.
You guys are huge, reaching millions and millions a day.
And it's a real wealth of Liberty.
We have that.
It makes it a lot harder for them to target us when there's so many of us, and it's just growing and growing, and Luke's been around forever and so many others Roger for, you know, 45 50 years fighting the tyranny.
But now I mean, we're on the march there on the run and power slipping away from the globalists, and we know that so just for my viewers, and we're going to end this.
I will catch you guys and finish up here with our some of our callers and folks on X.
I gotta get the crew out of here.
In an hour, they're gonna die like I am.
But it's amazing to be here doing all this.
Everybody, tell folks about your transmissions.
Alex, I really appreciate you.
We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for all the work that you would be doing.
Check us out on TheBestPoliticalShow.com.
We're going to be returning in just a few hours from now with Mark Dice, Richard Gage, with a special 9-11 show, noon, Eastern, TheBestPoliticalShow.com.
We're also live streaming right now on Roger Stone's channel on The Stone Zone on Rumble.
We're also there.
And just to subscribe, support independent media, support everyone, support yourself, support People who are speaking up because we're taking serious risks that again are very severe and they're going to be put to challenge and they're going to be tested more than ever before.
I just wanted to add to in terms of supporting independent platforms, Rumble, Chris, along with Elon Musk and X have been under fire.
We have an exclusive deal with Rumble.
It's all one word.
We are change is the name of our channel.
Obviously, you can go to our website or you can go to Rumble.
I would highly encourage you to do both so you can support that platform.
I have my show over there as well.
It's called Liberty Lockdown at the Stone Zone.
We are change.
Really appreciate you guys.
Clint Russell at Liberty Lock Pod.
Thank you guys.
Roger.
Alright.
Obviously, you can go to StoneZone.com.
You can also find us at Rumble.com slash Roger Stone, which is the Stone Zone, and often appear on InfoWars.
I had a great interview with Alex.
It seems like it was two days ago.
I actually think it was yesterday.
There's so much going on.
Our politics are moving extraordinarily quickly.
The electorate is volatile.
These people are capable of anything whatsoever to stop Donald Trump from returning to the White House.
And to stop his bid to make America great.
So I want to thank everybody who tuned in tonight.
And Alex, particularly, thank you.
You are indefatigable.
I had no idea you could do that good an impression of Donald Trump.
That was great.
All right.
God bless you guys.
We'll talk to you soon.
Thank you.
AlexJonesGame.com for Andrew Meyer.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a great video game, folks, and it supports the broadcast.
People should get the game.
It's hilarious.
How do they get it?
AlexJonesGame.com.
Alright, thank you guys.
Alright, I am going to leave.
Because if I don't get five hours sleep, I will turn into a pumpkin.
But I'll be listening on the way home.
The great Owen Schroer and the great Chase Geyser.
Chase is going to come get in my seat right now.
He's going to run the spaces.
And you guys can go as long as you want, as long as the crew.
They're so incredible.
The crew puts up with me.
I'm like a Tasmanian devil around here.
So we love you all.
Let's air a... We haven't aired an ad or anything.
We probably need to make a bit of money or we're going to be shut down.
Let's air a promo or something while he gets in here.
And we'll be back with the spaces and more.
And please support us at infowarestore.com.
Thank you all so much.
We're working really hard because the whole future of honest America with the world's in line.
Vote for Trump to stop World War III and to close the border.
I wish I should have said this to Roger.
Tell Trump to talk about the 325,000 missing children directly to Kamala's ugly head.
And point out she's the biggest child trafficker with Mayorkas.
That is my biggest bitch.
We'll be right back.
I want to tell you the story, the history of Infowars MD, one of our biggest and most
important lines of high quality supplements, because it's a story of political attacks
and not giving up.
And it's an amazing product line that funds our operation.
Going back about three years ago, during all the deplatforming of InfoWars, not just off the internet, not just with banking, Some of the big supplement manufacturers that we were using, some of the best in the country, had been bought up during the pandemic, during the shutdown, and then they would notify us.
We had five companies making product for us.
Three of them notified us that we're no longer going to work with you because you're Alex Jones and you're in full wars.
So we made a lot of phone calls, reached out to our contacts, and we found one of the biggest supplement makers in the country.
I'm not going to say their names, they get harassed, but they're big listeners.
And they said, listen, you know We were supplying a lot of the raw materials to several of your manufacturers that are no longer doing business with you, and we would love to put out a private label where we just put your label on our product, and then when people order from you, it drops ships out of our warehouses.
And so we added a bunch of their products to our lineup.
And I didn't ever really promote them a lot because we were selling our products
and a lot of the products that we developed.
But so many of these products that they had put out, again, were the exact same thing that we were putting out.
In fact, in some cases, like in the case of Nitric Boost, it's the exact same formula that we private labeled
from them before we were even doing InfoWars MD with them.
So case in point right now, our version of Nitric Boost, it's so good for your heart and body and cardiovascular system, cleans out your blood.
Dr. Minkiewicz has talked about being one of the best formulas out there.
Our version of it sold out about three weeks ago.
Well, their version is just a white bottle from their warehouse, and it's the exact same pill, the exact same people, does the exact same thing, and it's the exact same price.
So, that's what InfoWars MD is.
Take Turmeric 95.
Turmeric 95 isn't called that because it's the strongest curcuminoid concentrate, 95% that they can make.
And it turns out that's the company years ago when I wanted to put out the strongest turmeric available that was actually producing it.
So, Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, sold out at mfulworthstore.com, but not their Turmeric 95, which is the same 95% curcuminoid and the same ingredients that boost it.
So that's why Mfulworth's MD is such an amazing line.
Because the bankruptcy attempts to shut us down, and the bad CRO we had here before, who would not reorder product, we would not have any new product to sell to stay on air if we hadn't set this up with InfoWars MD.
Now, they've got over 100 products, and as we speak, we're making labels for the rest of their line.
But 17 of their products that are their best sellers, the top of their catalog, we do have So I've told you some of the history, what's behind it.
It's amazing.
It's super high quality.
Here's just a few of the things that are available.
